baby in green climbing the sofa
baby in pink walking
the baby is turning over
dog sitting on the floor
man making a roll
man jumping two times
pelican eating a fish
cat walking to the left
white car bouncing
black cat eating 
cat running away
black dog rolling on the floor
kid climbing out of box
man with yellow shoes crouching
man got kicked in the head
car driving on the right side
white car driving in the front
cat walking on the street
man in blue shirt doing dribble
car jumping in the air
parrot rolling on the floor
ball going through the net
manning jumping far
person in white shirt on the right standing
baby rolling on the floor
kid rolling over
dog rolling on the floor
guy releasing ball 
baby rolling on the floor
car driving by
man on the right sitting
bird on the left standing
cat jumping in the air
man in white long pants standing
man standing in black pants and white shirt
green bird jumping
man jumping in the air
man in blue standing on the beach
ball bouncing up and down
man in black standing on the grass
woman in red with a dog
bird eating out the hand
girl with black hair crouching
dog rolling on the floor
dog running on the grass
basketball player in white on the right
kid walking on the floor
dog running on the floor
man behind on the stairs
car jumping in the air
white pickup car in the back
white car on the right 
owl flying through the air
man jumping rope
dog on the grass
car driving at the fifth position
kid climbing the chair
parrot rolling on the table
black bird on the railing
dog on the left walking
dog crouching on the floor
small bird walking in the back
black cat rolling on the floor
man in black coat walking
dark colored car on the right
kid in blue shorts climbing
car rolling over
small kid walking
bird on the left jumping down
None
person lying on the floor 
man eating burger
person in white standing
white dog running
light colored dog standing next to the water
dog walking next to grass
bird flying in the sky
Baby rolling on the bed
white bird jumping
man rolling on the mat
dog rolling on the grass
dog crouching on the grass
blue car driving
white bird rolling on carpet
dog walking next to person
kitten rolling on the floor
black cat eating 
sports car driving
ball bouncing up and down
bird in the center eating a fish
ball passed far on the left
kitten on the right standing
blue car rolling down a hill
girl with green shirt standing on the left
bird in the center eating
bird on the right walking
dog chasing a blue car
kid throwing a ball 
small yellow bird on the right walking
dog walking on the street
kid crouching on the floor
guy in green shirt standing
car standing on the right
bird on the right standing 
bird standing on the right
girl rolling a ball
ball bouncing up and down
soldier crouching on the ground
white car on the right standing
red bird rolling on the floor
black dog walking on the grass
dog crouching on the sand
ball bouncing up and down
man dribbling with ball
man on the right in black standing
cat climbing the pole
bird in black pants standing
guy flying through the air
car rolling over dirt
artic dog standing next to guy in yello shirt
person in orange climbing rock
guy in white sitting 
person in black pants running
cat walking to the dog
big duck walking on the stairs
baby rolling on the floor
car rolling over
guy walking with the dog
yellow car rolling over the track
dog crouching on the green floor
person eating the food
car jumping from the ramp
small girl in black walking to the right
child climbing the stairs
kid climbing out of box
**video is not working**
car in blue standing on the grass
car bouncing up and down
person on the right walking on the beach
person walking the dog
dog jumping in the water
guy in black sitting on the chair
dog jumping in the air
guy jumping over car
guy in black standing
car rolling over
cat on the left running
man throwing ball 
guy climbing the rock
man in the front second from the right
bird climbing the fence
kid crouching on the red floor
black cat running on the grass
man on the left standing
man with sunglasses walking
white cat rolling on the floor
man in white shirt standing
man in white shirt on the right standing
car rolling over
bird jumping 
girl rolling on the mat
woman running on the green track
black kitten on the right
woman walking to the left
car riding in the back
red car bouncing
woman running with the dog
ball bouncing up and down
ball thrown to the right
white bird jumping
ball bouncing up and down
kid crouching on the floor
guy climbing on the blue wall
car driving with one bright headlight
black car standing on the street
man with black cap on the right
duck on the right of the screen
silver car on the left
kid rolling in the box
car jumping through the sky
pickup car standing on the right
dark colored car on the right
person in the bottom of the image standing
guy in white shirt running
**video is not working**
person in blue shirt rolling the ball
person sitting on the floor
man throwing the ball
girl rolling on the floor
man rolling over the mat
man rolling off the hill
white car standing on the grass
cat jumping at the door
globe standing on the desk
guy in green climbing
dark colored car on the left
man in the center wearing yellow
guy directly right from the instructor
yellow bird climbing
kid in the center jumping
a car with flashing lights is driving in a race
the ball is being dribbled between a man's legs.
a man attached to some bungees is walking along the floor on all fours.
a shirtless man is rock climbing
a bird is doing a somersault
the basketball is being dribbled between a man's legs.
a woman is standing.
the dog is being walked on a leash.
the cat is investigating its food and water bowls.
the man is running along the floor attached to some bungees
the man in the blue shirt is watching a car with hydraulics.
the pigeon is walking up some steps
the man is doing flips on a trampoline
the black van is parked on the side of the road.
the bald man is doing a roly-poly.
the dog is hopping up into the netted tree.
the dog is crawling along on its belly.
the spotted cat is jumping for a toy
the ball is laying on the ground.
the dog is crawling along the grass.
the woman is rock climbing.
the baby in a onesie is flipping onto its belly
the vent is in the wall.
the pigeon is limping
the red car is racing
the man in the red jacket is jogging alongside the other man.
the pelicans are flying.
the car is racing.
the dog is participating in a dog show.
the basketball is being dribbled by the bald man.
the man is watching a woman jump.
the bird is hopping around.
the man is throwing a bowling ball.
the cat is jumping up into a window.
the racecar is racing.
the man with brown hair is eating pepperoni pizza.
the dog is walking next to the man.
the man in a blue shirt is watching a runway show.
the puppy is laying down.
the dog is running alongside the man.
the man is doing a roll.
the man is directing the racecar.
the dog is laying down on the floor and licking its nose.
the kitten is crawling up the person's leg.
the man is throwing a bowling ball.
the racecar is starting the race.
the bird is hopping in its enclosure.
the man in red is running in a race.
the greyhound from gate 3 is running in a race.
the baby is crawling on a tiled floor.
the bird is walking up its cage
the ball is being dribbled by the man
the man in the white jersey is running in a 100m race
the soldier is crawling under barbed wire
the baby is trying to get the green ball
the rock climber is climbing up a crimpy rockface
the number 6, black greyhound is running in a dog race
the grey cat is climbing up a ladder
the yellow car is not moving
the dog is sniffing a tree
the sandpiper is looking for food
the woman is walking dogs
the cat is rolling over
the mama duck is crossing the street with her ducklings
the man is watching the other men pass a soccer ball around
the man is crawling down some stairs
the parrot is rolling around
the man is watching a car jump up and down
the bird is running toward its toy
the dog is walking alongside its trainer
the cat is trying to catch the dot of a laser pointer
the person is giving the cat a treat
the soccer player is catching a ball and running with it
the man in the blue shirt is just standing there
the dog is rolling on the grass
the guy in the white pants is rolling around on the ground
the bird is just hanging out on some utility lines
the black cat is climbing up a ladder
the black cat is rolling around on the asphalt
the spotted dog is following its trainer
the cat is chasing a laser pointer dot
the car is driving down a suburban street with hydraulics making it hop up and down
the cat is leaping up a door to try and catch a laser pointer dot
the dog is leaping to grab a frisbee in the man's hand
the corgi is eating some leaves
the ball is being thrown at a basketball hoop
the woman in the white shirt is walking along the hallway
the cat is walking
the man is watching a jeep do a big jump
the man is attempting a basketball shot
the man in the white outfit is hopping over some exercise balls.
the cat is chasing a ball.
the birds are standing on the floor.
the bird is on its back, playing with the man's hand.
the woodpecker is eating suet from a birdfeeder.
the man is watching a car drive into the river.
The woman in a striped shirt is crossing the street.
the man is doing a little dance.
the baby is rolling on the floor.
the balloon is not doing anything.
the man is playing with a puppy.
the dog is running with another dog.
The woman is walking two dogs but not holding their leashes.
the budgie is having a snack with the other budgies.
the suited man is exhibiting his dog at a dog show.
the flagbearer in the blue jacket is carrying the flag of azerbaijan.
the baby bird is sitting in the nest.
the man in red shorts is shooting a basketball.
the volkswagen van is hopping up and down on hydraulics
the guy in the white shirt is eating something from a bowl.
the dog is crawling behind the baby
the crane is flapping its wings while flying
the woman is walking
the person is giving the dog a treat
the toddler is bouncing a blue ball
the man is watching a pickup truck go over a jump
the bird is chasing a toy
the cat is chasing a laser pointer dot along the floor
the bowling ball is being propelled down the lane toward the pins
the man is participating in a long jump event.
the cat is walking along.
the car is parked in the background.
the cockatiel is walking along a treebranch.
the bird playing on a coffee table.
the pickup truck is parked, not doing anything.
the cat is majestically bounding through powdery snow.
the SUV is parked.
the exercise ball is not doing anything.
the dog is crawling along the tiled floor.
the woman is walking with her arm around a man.
the man is participating in an eating contest.
the seagull is flying around.
the photographer is capturing a long jump event.
the alpinist is climbing up a rock face.
the man is dribbling a basketball.
the cat is laying on the carpet.
the cat is being walked on a leash.
the man in the blue shirt is officiating at a speedclimbing competition.
the bird is rolling around in the corner of its cage.
the car is pulling out into a very wide street that has been shut down for some sort of parade.
the woman is walking along the side of the street, checking her phone.
the white shirted man is climbing over a wall.
the dog is crawling around the leg of a coffee table while wagging its tail.
the cat is hopping off the roof of the house and onto the roof of the car.
the dog is trotting alongside its owner.
the dog is crawling along in the grass.
the goose is pecking for food in the grass.
the man is operating two jumping ropes.
the white van is parked.
the yellow car is crashing.
the kitten is wandering around the bedroom.
the soccer player in white is practicing soccer.
the dog is playing on a trampoline.
the duckling is waddling along the step.
the ball is rolling on the hardwood floor.
the baby is squirming on the blanket.
the soccer ball is being kicked about in a game of soccer.
the man in a black hoodie is rolling on some cardboard in a playground.
the dog is being walked.
the dog is participating in an agility event.
the baby is walking on all fours.
the man in camouflage is standing.
the dog is crawling with a ball in its mouth.
the white truck is parked.
the baby is pushing a toy.
the man is watching a car do a jump.
the man is rocking back and forth.
the cat is licking some cream from a saucer.
the car is pulling up to an intersection.
the man is crawling through mud.
the cat is climbing up a robe to the top of the door.
the dog is holding a tug toy.
the deflated ball is being carried by a dog.
the man is walking along the red carpet.
the man is walking and looking at his phone.
the white dog is being walked.
the ball is being thrown at a basketball hoop.
the beagle is rolling around in a patch of dirt.
the woman in the striped shirt is kneeling down.
the dog trainer is trying to teach a trick to the dog.
the hand of the man is making a gun symbol.
the cars are driving past.
the baby is squirming on a blanket.
the dog is running on some grass.
the bird is climbing up the cord of a window shade.
the sprinter in a black outfit is racing in a 100m race.
the boy is taking a basketball shot.
the woman is interacting with a child.
the baby is laying on a blanket.
the man is practicing soccer in a backyard.
the dog is eating dog food.
the man is eating a sandwich.
the bird is pecking in the ground.
the man is shooting a bird with a pistol.
the ginger cat is jumping from the roof to a wall.
player 22 is passing the basketball to a team mate.
the guy in track bottoms is walking on the sidewalk.
the dog is licking some meat.
the bird is rolling over on a sofa.
the fat cat is running around.
the man in black is walking near a car hopping up and down.
the yellow car is flipping over onto its roof.
the man on the ground is doing some kind of crawling exercise.
the spectator is watching a racecar pass.
the man is watching a black truck do a jump.
the black car is demonstrating its hydraulics.
the dog is walking on a treadmill.
the man is operating a car's hydraulics.
the person is running alongside his dog.
the car is hopping up and down on hydraulics.
the green car is flipping onto its roof.
the child is crawling up onto the sofa.
the man is waving flags at passing racecars.
the ball is being thrown at the hoop.
the dog is being chased by a cat.
the man is doing a jumping exercise.
the cat is crawling up a set of shelves.
the man in white is rolling down a hill.
the basketball is being ejected from a hot air balloon.
the car is driving along a road.
the baby is learning to walk.
the child is crawling through a green tube.
the man is successfully making a basketball shot.
the man is refereeing a wrestling match.
the dog is rolling over.
the man in a yellow jersey is running in a long distance race.
the car is jumping into a muddy pond.
the baby in the striped top is being picked up by a woman.
the bird is eating some seeds.
the athlete is walking.
the dog is walking in a crick.
the motorcycle with sidecar is driving along a road.
the bespectacled woman is walking.
the rock climber is climbing.
the fluffy white dog is running on a dirt road.
the shirtless man is running.
the man in grey shorts is watching another man fail to make a basket.
the athletic apparatus is laying along the wall.
the cat is playing fetch.
the puppy is climbing on top of another puppy.
the kitten is being carried by its mother.
the cat is eating food off the floor.
the man is sitting down.
the yellow billiard ball is static.
the man is bouncing a ball on some granite.
the car is parked.
the dog is running on a dock.
the horn player is parading.
the man is watching another man do a roll.
the woman is walking in a park.
the soccer ball is laying in the grass.
the baby is walking between the couch and the coffee table.
the dog is sniffing the butt of another dog.
the dog is being walked by a baby.
the boy in a white shirt is taking a basketball shot.
the car is going off of a ramp into a body of water.
the boy is watching another boy eat a fish.
the bowling ball is rolling along the lane toward the pins.
the duckling is following its mother through a parking lot.
the toddler in a yellow shirt is walking a black lab.
the racecar is driving on a race track.
the man is operating as an official in a track meet.
the man is kneeling.
the car is driving.
the soccer ball is being juggled.
the kitten is running in slow motion.
the car is jumping off of a ramp and crashing.
the man is doing a one-handed basketball shot.
the man is watching a street race.
the hound is walking.
the cat is strolling through a yard.
the cat is walking past its litterbox.
the dog is crawling on the floor.
the man is kneeling.
the dog is catching an old soccer ball.
the pigeon is flapping about on the grass.
the corgi is rubbing grass on its back.
the duck is pecking around.
the person is watching a dog.
the man is walking along with a drink in his hand.
the bird is in a bird feeder.
the man is gorging himself on fried chicken.
the car is parked.
the truck is driving along a bumpy dirt road.
the bluejay is eating.
the man in the halloween suit is eating pumpkin pie mix straight from the tin.
the person in the white shirt is walking.
the baby in blue is crawling up the stairs.
the bald man is using his phone to capture a car jumping into a river.
the man is playing goalkeeper against a dog.
the man in white is watching a soccer game.
the girl in red is crawling in some mud.
the flautist is marching in a marching band.
the scion brand car is driving on a road.
the dog is running on a golf course.
the dog is standing behind a cat.
the boy is walking.
the cat is sitting.
the dog is eating corn on the cob.
the dog is being walked.
a girl is letting a white cat to hurdle in a room
a black car on the left of lane nearby a yellow car is racing in formula 1
mom is letting her girl to walk 
a woman is playing with her white dog
a woman with black hair is eating a hamburger
a cute small girl is attempts to walk 
parrot rolling on the carpet
a racing car left on the road behind other cars
a baby crawling
a guy climbing through a mechanism
a cute cat is eating watermellon
a guy with red shirt is climbing
a speed dog walking on grass
a red truck racing on dirt road
a white dog walking with the woman owner
a red shirt guy shooting a ball through a garbage can
a white dog is running on floor
a brown white dog is communicating with other dogs on grass
a basketball player with purple shirt is defending against another player with white shirt
a bird standing on the corner 
a guy holding a white bird
car rolling down the hill
a car is turning upside down on a dirt road
a white pelican on the grass
a taller basketball player with white shirt catches the rebound
a guy on the left is walking with his two dogs
an asian guy on the left with white shirt is carrying a bag
an old car is turning upside down on a race road 
a bird is flying in the air
a cute white golden retriever is walking besides its owner
a white ball besides the another is just standing nearby its ball friend that is being shooted by
second runner from right running
a black cat is eating its meal
someone is walking besides a cat on grass
a tiny baby is pushing a baby carriage
a woman walks with her lover on the beach
a duck is flying upon a city 
a dog is trying to catch a ball
boy in blue shirt playing football on the top right
a bird is rolling on the ground
woman in purple shirt and shorts standing
white dog eating
a white van is standing on the road
a girl is running on the road
a dog is playing on the field
a man with white shirt is nearby car 
a man with red pant is climbing through the mountain
a basketball is passing above a set of guys
a white car parked inside a house with snowy garden
bird on the right
green pilates ball occluded by man
basketball holded by a player
a dog that attempts to eat some corn
a dog of a twin dogs below is running
a basketball player is waiting in the line 
man in white shirt lying on the floor next to a cat
a brown wild cat is walking 
a cat is climbing to the tree
someone in the foreground is doing gymnastics
boy in blue walking and beating a drum
a basketball player on the left is trying to block the other player
a car on a dirt road is drifting
a brown and white dog is eating a big bone
a woman is training a small white dog
a black cat is following a small ball
a dog on the right is eating a watermelon
owl flying over the lawn
a white dog with black patches is stretching in a studio 
someone is rolling
a woman on the left is walking on the road
a green car is being pulled by
a black dog is walking on the sand
a white and yellow cat is walking in the house
a cat is walking nearby a LCD screen
a climber with blue shirt is climbing through the mountain 
a yellow dog is poking a ball
a white bird in front
a brown dog is rolling on the grass
a white dog is rolling on the floor
a black craw is following its friend
a white and brown dog is following its friend on grass
a bird is hunting for some food on grass
a yellow cat is climbing through its owner
a man with white shirt is watching a muddy game
seagull walking in the front left on the beach
a black cat is climbing through the building
a white dog is barking on the floor
a black bird is flying in the air
an asian guy is doing a trick
a black dog is crawling on grass
a cat on the left is watching its friends
a bird on the rightmost is flying
a bird on the right is standing on carpet
a yellow racing car is getting into an accident 
a white dog is walking on the right
a parent is making his child walk on the floor besides a dog
someone with red shirt is climbing in the mountain
someone in the foreground is watching a car on the dirt road
a yellow bird is biting 
a girl on the left is walking through eiffel tower
a black dog is crawling on grass
someone on the couch is training a cat
a brown dog is walking outside
a guy with blue cap is watching a yellow car
a bronze car is standing on the right
a basketball is being holded by an afro-american guy
a white dog appears to be walking in the background
there is a bird that flies over the sand
a girl with pink bag is walking outside
an afro-american guy is rolling between his friends
a bird on the right is eating something 
a white dog is eating its meal
a guy with green shirt is training a black dog
a green ball is rolling though the stairs
a cute white baby is rolling on mattress
someone on the right is training a wild animal outside in the forest
a yellow bird is rolling on a couch
a parent on the right is training its child 
a black bird is eating something on the grass
a green bird is rolling 
a guy with white sport shoes is training a yellow cat
a woman with blue shirt is training for pilates
someone is climbing through a mountain
None
a brown dog is climbing through a tree
the second man from right in black shirt standing behind the car
a white black cat is walking on the sand near the ocean 
black dog crawling on the ground
a baby is rolling on the floor
a guy is doing a basketball trick in a stadium
a white bird is flying
a parent with green pant is training a child 
a yellow car is doing a trick on a road
a woodpecker is pecking a tree
a guy with red shirt is shooting a red ball through the goal
a guy on the left is doing karate
a child is going out of his nest
a child is crawling on the floor
a brown and black dog is crawling on the grass
football rolling on the football field
a cat is rolling on the floor
a red car is standing in a parking lot in a house
someone is waiting for the ball nearby the goal
spotted cat running in the wheel
a yellow cab is going on the street of an asian country
a black car is going on the road
a small black dog is walking on the left with its friends
a white dog is trying to catch a cat
a green bird flying through an abacus
a white dog is running on a snowy street
a bird is pecking something indoor
a guy with white shirt is walking on a street
a guy with white shirt is watching a black car rolling
a black cat is running on a snowy forest
a cute small cat in the middle is playing with its friend
a yellow basketball is being holded and played by a guy
bird standing in the far back
white car parking on the top right
gray dog eating in the center
a white racing car in the middle of other cars appear to be following the lead 
a white brown dog is following a cat
a guy in the foreground is hiking in a mountain
a black car is flying in the air
a yellow bird is jumping on a white sheet
a white bird is climbing the stairs
a street cat is walking in a house
a child is crawling in his nest
a bird on the left is walking on the sand
a cat is crawling through a building
a white car is standing in a parking lot on a street
a basketball player is shooting a score
a dirty dog is eating some snacks outside
a bird is flying and eating something outside
a cat is crawling through a bicycle
a baby is crawling on the stairs
a cat is stretching near a bird
a baby is crawling on the floor
a guy with red shirt is walking with a dog
a cat is rolling on the street 
a dog is leading another dog with its owner
a dog is rolling on the grass
a black dog is walking with its friend on the snow
a big ball is rolling outside
a white bird is moving through a hand
a car on the left is crashing in a race
a guy with a red shirt is holding the hands of his fiancee
a very tall guy is scoring a basket
an asian guy is eating noodle in an asian way with chopsticks
a bird is rolling on the floor
a woman is watching her bird on the bed
a guy with white shirt and cap is watching someone jumping 
a white car appears on the back of 3 other cars
a woman is standing on the stairs 
a smaller red ball is being holded by a woman who appears to be doing pilates
a guy with green shirt and brown short is walking on a street
a guy is running on the street without shoes
an asian guy on the left is being holded by someone 
a cute dutch guy with blonde hair is trying to walk and hold his parents hand
a green car is parked between a black and yellow car outside
a guy with blue shirt is watching a car rolling outside
a black guy with yellow sport shoes is running outside for training purposes
a black cat is rolling outside for fun
a small cat is eating its meal
a street basket player is doing a trick outside 
a small white dirty cat is rolling outside for fun
woman jumping on left
a red ball is standing on the floor besides someone who is doing gymnastics
a green ball is being holded by a small child
boy in blue shirt playing football on the top left
woman in blue shirt and pink hat walking with dogs
man in black standing on the bottom right
a baby is rolling on the bed 
a bird is flying in the air
a white yellow race car is jumping on the road
a guy with white karate uniform is rolling 
a fat american guy is rolling on the grass
a white black volkswagen is standing in a showroom
a gray white cat on the left is approaching its friends
a cute cat is rolling on the floor
a green white racing car is is heading a red car on a race track 
a cute girl with pink shirt is playing with a parrot
a brown dog is running on the grass
a brown duck with green head is walking outside on a muddy road
white dog walking with a woman in red top
a brown dog is walking outside in the ocean
black bird eating
a white car is racing on a dirt road outside
a cat is running in a house
right most man in black shirt standing
a cat is walking in a house
a tiny duck is following its parent outside on stairs
a dog is being holded by its owner inside a house 
a guy is watching a black car outside
an orange car is turning a bend 
a guy with white shirt is shooting a basket outside
a bird on the back of other bird with the same species is flying outside
a runner on the left of another runner with yellow shirt is running in a race
a bird on the bottom left is eating its meal outside
a car is leading another car in a race 
a cat is rolling inside a house
a blue car is parked outside 
a guy with karate uniform is rolling 
a baby is rolling on the bed 
an old model car is jumping in the same place 
a car is parked in the background nearby tree
a child is holding his dog outside
a cute baby girl is crawling inside in a tube 
a baby is crawling in a tube 
a woman with purple shirt is walking in a hospital
a guy is holding two dogs outside
a parent on the leftmost is holding his child 
a cat is walking outside near a building 
a dog is jumping through a sea outside
a sporty guy is bouncing a ball in a gymnasium 
man with a black bag walking on the left
a cute brown dog is rolling on the floor
man in black shirt and blue shorts standing on left
a woman is playing with her cat outside
None
a street cat between two different cats is following a pink ball 
a cute white dog is being holded by its owners outside
a cat is trying to reach something 
a guy is on the right holding and eating a sandwich 
a woman in black uniform is doing some gymnastics 
a bird is standing on top of a roof like object
a very big dog is being holded by its owner walking outside on the right
a guy in green uniform is watching a bird of a very different species
a red car is jumping on a dirt road 
a guy on the left of a woman with white dog is watching a dog show
a yellow cat is eating its meal inside
a white cat is crawling through a bar 
a yellow dog is rolling on the snow
brown and white dog running around the couch
a bird is standing on an object indoor watching outside
a guy that watches a ball jumping inside
woman in black standing on the right
man taking photos in the back
a wild cat is crawling through a tree
brown and white dog walking with a woman
white bird flying over the river
a white cat is walking outside on a street 
a white car is rolling outside on the road 
an asian girl is eating some noodle in a very asian way 
yellow ball rolling down the track
a guy with orange shirt is running in a field 
man in blue shirt and shorts standing on the right
a gray car outside near some grassy field is turning the bend 
a dog holding a red ball in its mouth is running outside on the grass
a yellow bird is walking on the flooor
a guy with the uniform is jumping a hurdle in a gymnasium
a guy is rolling a bowling ball 
a bird is rolling on a desk 
a bird is standing on a bar on left in a nest
a woman nearby someone holding a flag is walking in a march 
a bird is looking out of a cage 
a yellow ball holded by a child is being thrown to the floor
a guy with white shirt is throwing the ball to the goal
white bird flying on the top
man in black shirt climbing rocks
yellow and white cat walking on the bottom left
black car parking by the road
man in blue suit rolling on the gound
basketball is passing between two player
man with hat playing with parrot
white dog crawling on the ground
blue car rolling over the road
woman in dark short T-shirt lifting a baby up
Cat climbing window
parrot lying down
car with lights on the right turning round
Gray parrot climbing the rope
cat sitting by the wall watching another baby cat
Baby duck behind its mother walking
Dog walking around the man
Boy with white hat playing basketball
Man in white suit wrestling with another man
black car jumping on the ground
Baby rolling over the carpet
black bird walking on the ground
Parrot in the front jumping
Dog with clothes rolling on the grass
Gray cat running around sofa
bird flying
bird on the left flying
Big ball with black red white color bounce on the ground
man in white shirt by the chair running jump shot
baby climbing stairs
man in black t-shirt and gray pant standing by the road
baby rolling over carpet
black car jumping on the ground
basketball is caught by a man
man in black suit and white pant standing by the track
man bared upper body crawling on the ground
dog with black-white fur jumping onto a laver
the second dog to the left walking behind a man
man with black suit wrestling
person with gray clothes walking away
baby rolling on the ground
person walking with a dogy
white dog on the ground jumping
the second car to the left spinning 
man with blue shirt and black pants in the middle walking away
girl with red clothes and jean rolling over grass land
bird on the left flying
man in the black shirt and gray pants climbing the wall
man in black shirt climbing 
man rolling on the ground
man in white suit to the left kicking a football
man in black suit rolling down a hill
man in gray shirt walking around another person
dog with brown hair walking behind a person
baby duck in the middle walking behind a mother duck
bird taking off the ground
black cat rolling on the ground
man in white shirt and black pants rolling 
man in black shirt to the left passing basketball
see bird flying over water
child by the wall kicking a football
man in black sleeveless vest and sort gray short pants walking
red ball sat by a woman
truck jumping from a hill
dotted cat running 
man in blue shirt eating
people walking in front of dogs
man in red shirt squatting 
solder in camouflage uniforms crawling 
dog with brown hair eating
black dog running
a shadow on the ground
two people standing on the right side of the road
boy bared upper body running with a cat
man in white shirt stand on the ground
white car running by 
cat with gray fur sitting on the chair
man in black shirt standing on the ground
car rolling down the slope
man in black suite on the left sitting on the wall
man in red shirt eating
parrot climbing on a lady's body
man with short white pants standing by the road
bird to the furthermost jumping 
woman with short hair eating 
man in black suit catching and passing basketball
bird jumping on the trunk of a tree
lady in black suit training a cat
bird on the front most jumping
cat standing on the ground
girl in dark blue suit rolling 
car jumping on the ground
red ball sitting by the wall
person lying on the bed
man on the left standing by the track
car drifting on the snow
man in black suit throwing a bowling ball
cat eating
dog with black ear and mouth eating corn
man in blue suit to the right running 
person in yellow shirt beating another person
colorful bowling ball is thrown by a person
dotted cat walking away
man in white shirt and red pants jumping and dunking a basketball
bird flying in the sky
Man in dark suit walking by the track
cat climbing curtain
Girl with black pants running
Person in dark suit holding a toy
Woman in black jacket and gray pants walking with a dog
white parrot jumping
Brown dog eating food
Baby in striped blue shirt climbing
Baby in white outfit walking
Old lady with gray hair walking by the trunk
Bird in middle walking
Car in the middle turning 
baby in black-gray striped outfit climbing
Man in black outfit beating another person
Boy in white shirt and read pants shooting a basket ball.
man in black shirt and blue short pants climbing
Cats in the front walking on a treadmill
Dog sitting on the sofa.
black cat eating food on a person's finger
Man in white outfit fighting 
baby in gray jacket and pink hat squatting on the ground
cat climbing on a person
Car parking by the road
boy in black shirt and white short pants dribbling
Man on the 3rd track running
man on the 3rd track from left running
white football is kicking by two people
cat eating fruit
man bared upper body at the back crawling
boy on the right kicking football
baby climbing on to the bed
green bird jumping on the table
man in brown short t-shirt climbing
baby in white dress walking 
man in blue shirt turn a somersault
boby in orange on the right kicking a ball
parrot on the left walking
a basketball is dribbled by a man
person in black suit and white hat walking on the beach
body in black white fur walking
bird flying in the sky
boy in black shirt eating a pizza
cat with gray fur chasing another cat.
cat in silver color rolling
baby in white dress climbing on to a sofa
man in blue short shirt lifting hands
man in gray shirt and black short pants shooting a basketball
man in dark blue suit is taking away by police
man turning a somersault
parrot standing on the cage
yellow cat at the bottom walking
car on the left making a turn
cat jumping off the bed
Lady with long black hair in gray sweater kneeling on the ground
Black bird walking
Gray bird on the right pecking.
Car jumping
Black car in the front running on the road
bird jumping on the ground
man in red-white tshirt squatting on the ground
man with white t-shirt and black short pants throwing a football
Dog with black-white hair crawling on the ground
Parrot climbing a tube
Cat rolling on the bed
Man in black coat throwing a ball to a dog
Man with red hat walking with a blind stick
Man in white tshirt and blue short pants running
Baby in red tshirt crawling on the ground
Man standing beside the fence.
Short boy in the front throwing a ball
Big fat man in black outfit with white towel on his should standing.
Can eating a watermelon
parrot climbing stairs
Person on the right of image playing with a cat.
Eagle flying on the sky
Dog with white-black hair walking
dog crawling under a sofa
White ball sitting beside a red ball
Fat man with white tshirt standing by a net.
black car parking by the fence
woman in gray clothes and black pants walking with a black bag on her shoulder
person with white tshirt kneeling on the ground
Lady with red short t-shirt squatting on the ground.
Black dog
Lady with white hat on the left throwing a ball
cat climbing a tree
lady in black clothes and yellow short pants walking with a baby
Man on the second track from right running
Solder crawling on the ground
Dog eating an ice cream
Cat licking a chocolate on a person's hand.
The left with yellow t-shirt on the left running
Man in gray outfit with black hat walking
Bird eating while flying
duck on the right walking
boy in blue t-shirt crawling 
Dog with black clothes crawling on the ground
Baby in white clothes climbing on the sofa
Man standing on the right side of road standing
Man in yellow t-shirt standing in the back
Boy eating a burger.
Bird in black and white fur eating inside a barrel
parrot climbing a cage
man in gray coat  operating the car
Man in white coat standing on the back 
Man in white clothes on the right standing
A football is thrown by a man
Little girl dribbling two balls
Black dog wagging its tail
Man eating a fruit
Lady in red coat and black pants walking on the treadmill
Parrot climbing a rope in front a mirror
Person climbing on the rock
Baby climbing stairs
Long hair lady walking with a white bag white bag on her shoulder
Cat eating food in the bowl on the ground
Man with black hair running
A ball with blue white color sitting on the left
Girl eating food in front a microphone
Dog in jumping cross benches
Man shoot the bird
Girl climbing the stairs with a baby
Boy dribbling a basketball by the wall
Bird running on the beach
Baby on the left climbing
Baby walking
pigeon walking in the grass on the left
Gog eating food on the table
Bog rolling over
Man climbing under a net
Dog eating while standing
Cat eating food on the table
man rolling on the ground
A basketball is thrown by a boy.
Parrot rolling 
cat climbing on the window
sea-gull with black beak standing on the shore
woman standing and holding a toy 
dog on the left crawling
Boy in black t-shirt eating
black ball rolling on the floor
parrot climbing on to a glass
woman in brown clothes running in the middle
sea gull pecking in the middle
baby walking 
man in blue shirt and dark blue short pants standing
Person in white outfit with a white hat standing
White car at the back running and making a turn
Man in black clothes and jeans standing
Person climbing on the ground
Dog crawling on the ground
Fat man in blue shirt and black pants standing at the back 
car dancing 
truck parking by the road
Man in black outfit jumping at the back
cat rolling on the bed
Man in black running and catching a basketball
a basketball is thrown to the man in black
a ball is thrown by a man and caught by a dog
man in black t-shirt and white short pants running at the end
bird walking 
lady sitting on the ground
cat jumping down from stair
cat with back lights on running on the road
car flying in the air
cat running inside a rolling barrel
cat climbing wall
lady walking
red car jumping 
F1 car running on the left of the track
Lady with gray-white clothes and black pants walking with blue bag on her shoulder
bird jumping on the tree
man with yellow t-shirt and black short pants running on the left
dog crawling on the ground
On in blue running on the left
black dog jumping across a paper board
baby sitting on to the ground
bird flying in the sky on the left
Girl with pigtail  dribbling a  ball across
cat eating food
black dog crawling on the ground
Dotted dog running
racing car running in distance
car making a turn
black dog rolling 
Dog walking on the road
car rolling 
red ball rolling
baby walking
car turning in the front
man in white shirt standing on the left
man in white shirt and black short pants on the left throwing a ball
ball lying on the ground
cats jumping on to a stage
gray cat eating
black-white cat sitting at the back
basketball is thrown by a man
man in white t-shirt and black short pants running on the right most track
the car is driving in a corner
a person with a black shirt is eating
the ball bounces on the pavement
the car is falling over
the person with a green sweater is explaining an exercise
the white dog is walking
the brown dog is chasing another dog
the person with a moustache is eating
a person with a black cap is filming a car
a big bird is jumping around
the white car is speeding up after a corner
the white dog is jumping rope
the car is flying through the air
the person in red is watching a running dog
the car is flying through the air
the baby is crawling
a person with a black jacket is walking multiple dogs
the cat is running away
the toddler is trying to walk
the soccer player at the start of the video is passing the ball
the cat is climbing the post
a person is walking backwards while being followed by a dog
the bird is eating seeds from the frozen ground
the cat is walking on the threadmill
the baby is turning around
the green and yellow bird is playing with a toy
the basketball is dunked through the hoop
the basketball is thrown through the hoop
the person is throwing a toy in the water
the person is climbing rocks
the dog is eating out of a bowl
the bird is jumping onto a human hand
the baby is rolling over
the white dog in the background is jumping onto a leg
the cat is jumping over obstacles
the person with a dress is running with a dog
the basketball player in black on the right is trying to defend
the white bird is climbing stairs
the black bird is flying and landing on the sand
the white dog on the right is standing still
the cat is eating food
the black cat is eating fish
the white cat is being followed by a black cat
the person on the right with a black shirt is walking
the person is eating with a cat resting on his shoulder
the person with a white cap is watching a car
the person with big hair is walking
the soccer kid in the background is kicking the ball
the person is hanging on a rock
the bird on the right is standing still
the person is walking away from the red car
the baby is looking at the dog
the kid is running with the dog
the person is encouraging the cat to climb
man in blue shirt standing on the right
the basketball is thrown around
the orange cat in the middle is eating
the baby is crawling
the bird is walking on the ceiling
the person in black is measuring car height
the bowling ball is being dropped
the person on the right is watching someone eating
the dog is eating a banana
the dog is rolling over
the big dog is walking the small dog
the person is holding hoops
the light brown dog is running
the dog is crawling
the dog on the right is crawling
the black car is parked
the person is crawling
the dog is dog is walking
the cat is jumping
the car is flipping over
the green car is moving up and down
the kid is walking
the bird is rolling over
the bird is flying
the basketball is being dribbled
the person is eating
the legs of a person are shown
the kid is crawling
the person in black is eating
the black cat is backing of
the bird is walking
the ball is used by the bird
the cat is jumping onto a wall
the person is being rolled over
the white bird is flying
the dog is crawling
the dog is walking
the cat is eating
the car is moving up and down
the basketball is dribbled by a kid
the cat is eating near the dog
the cat is eating
the black car is driving
the person is climbing
the black person with black clothes is running
the cat is climbing
the person in black in the back is watching
the skippyball is moving back and forth
the baby in blue clothes is crawling
the bird is standing still
the black cat is running away
the person on the right is standing
the baby in blue is crawling
the bald person is using the green car
the dog is rolling over
the cat is climbing stairs
the mother duck is walking
the baby is taking steps
the person is catching and passing the ball
the black dog is running with a ball in its mouth
the bat is flying
the white dog is running
the person in black in the background is watching a car
the person is playing bowling
the baby duck on the right is walking
the person with a purple dress is walking
the person is throwing the basketball
the baby is crawling
the car is flying through the air
the person is walking
the third person from the left is sprinting
the baby is crawling
the person is spidercrawling
the dog is walking
the cat with the white fur is jumping
the lady is phoning
the gray car is parked
the red car is driving away
the person is crawling
the red car is driving
the dog is running
the racoon is eating
the baby on the left is sitting on the stairs
the person in blue is walking
the moth duck is walking
the medicine ball is thrown on the floor
the baby is watching the dog
the person in white is running with a dog
the white car is driving
the bird on the left is eating
the second basketball is thrown
the car is crashing
the black car is crashing
the person is climbing
the second car in pink is driving
the big dog is following the little dog
the basketball is thrown
the blond lady is walking
the blue bird is walking on the railing
the baby is rolling over
the bird is standing in the grass
the basketball is thrown
the three colored car is driving around a corner
the person is holding a ball on a stick
the right person in orange is watching a car
the dark brown cat is walking
the gray is parked
the person in the white shirt is throwing the ball
the person on the left in the black shirt is playing with a ball
the car is trying to jump over other cars
the person is telling the dog to roll over
the person with the white shirt is running with a dog
the green bird is standing in the grass
the cat is jumping
the blue car is parked
the person with the blue shoes is sprinting
the person on the right is squating
the person with the yellow shirt is walking with a kid
the cat is eating
the person with the pink shirt is powerwalking
the car with the red spoiler is driving
the person in black and red is sprinting
the gray and white cat is running away
the second bird to the left is walking near water
the baby is laying around
the dog is eating
the dog is running
the kid in yellow is on her knees
the cat is sitting
the bird is biting a finger
the nearest black car is parked
the red car is driving down a ramp
the dog is jumping over a fence
the person is playing with a bird
the bird is climbing
the cat is rolling over
the bird on the left is flying
the person is telling the dog to roll over
the baby chick on the left is following its mother
the person in the black t-shirt is walking with a dog
the baby in blue is standing
the person is climbing rocks
the peson in red is standing
the person is rolling forward
the person with the white shirt is bending over
the person on the left is letting go off the baby
the cat is eating
the kid is walking
the black cat on the right is sitting
the bird is flying
the basketball is thrown and dribbled
the bird is walking
the person in black is standing
the cat is running
the kid with long hair is laying
the person with the bandana is rolling
the person with the blue pants is running
the basketball is passed and thrown
the dog is rolling over
the brown and black dog is running
the orange and black car on the right is driving
the person in the black shirt is standing
the pink ball is touched by the cat
the person in red on the left is standing
the person with black hair in red is running
the car is rolling over
the person with white shirt is sprinting
the blue car is driving towards a corner
the bowling ball is thrown
the person in yellow is running
the basketball is thrown by the person in black
the person in blue and black is standing
the cat is running
the white and black cat is looking at a ball
the basketball is thrown
the orange car is jumping up and down
the bird is picking from the ground
the person with the striped shirt is standing
the white car is standing still
the bowling ball is thrown
the person is walking with a dog
the bird is playing
the person with long blond hair is playing football
the gray cat is walking
the white car is driving
the bird is walking
the second ball is thrown
the person with the white cap is sitting on the line
the dog is eating
the dog is jumping
the baby is rolling over
the bird is jumping around
the left person in red is standing
the baby is rolling over
the dog is catching the frisbee
the basketball is thrown
the person in gray is standing
the person is climbing a building
the person in blue shirt is dancing with a dog
the person with white shirt is walking
the person with white shirt is running
the bird is rolling over
the small cat is jumping
the kid is walking
the dog is walking
the left bird is eating
the dog is running
the kid is running
the dog is jumping
the person is throwing the bowlingball
the cat is eating
the person is sitting
the left dog is walking
the bird is holding on to a chair
the baby is crawling
the person in brown is walking
the person in blue shorts is sprinting
the baby is crawling out of her crib
the blue car is parked
the bird is walking
the white dog on the right is walking
the cat is walking
the person in striped shirt is standing
the person is throwing the basketball
the person is holding food
the person in blue is standing
the large person in white is sprinting
the blue car is rolling over
the black cat is walking
the person is climbing rocks
the person is climbing rocks
the dog is jumping rope
the person in bikini is walking
the small dog on the right is walking
the bird is walking
the person in red pants is wrestling
the dog is walking
the person is walking
the basketball is thrown
the person in gray is walking
the person with a white bandana is jumping
the dog is running
the person in yellow shirt is walking
the person with black pants is performing a salto
the bird is climbing the chair
the person in black in the middle is sprinting
a man on the left is standing
a girl in red shirt is playing walking and playing
a man in red shirt is rolling over a barrel
a yellow ball is sitting on the left
a green bird is climbing up a cage and kissing a dog
a dog is crawling
a red ball is moving in a bowling floor
a cat is going down of a rope
a girl in white jacket and pink bag is walking on the left
a man in blue shirt is running
a woman in white shirt in front is walking away of the camera
a man with pink shirt is throwing a ball
a white dog is jumping into the water
a parrot is rotating in a rope
a white car is flying on the air
a person is climbing up
a baby is standing
a car is rolling on the ground
a dog is rolling
a ball is flying to the destination of basket
a bird is walking
a white bird on the right is sitting
a cat is rolling on the ground
a man in yellow shirt is sitting on the middle
the feet of a man is walking
a man in dark is running
a man is standing on the left from behind
a small dog on the right is running toward camera
a black car with its white container is flying
a ball is moving in a bowling floor
a dark small bird is walking on the left
a red car is moving
the third from right silver car is parked on the back
a light blue car on the back is parked
a baby is walking
a dog is rolling on the ground
a cat is rolling on the bed
a dog is rolling on the floor
a dark cat is running in the snow
a man in red short pant is jumping up and down
a ball is moving in a bowling floor
a man is throwing a ball
a man is crawling
the second from the right person in a white shirt is sitting
a dog is walking on the beach
a cat is rolling on the ground
a player in yellow is moving from bottom to top
the legs of a man is standing 
a baby is rolling
a white ball is sitting on the floor on the back
a white player is throwing a ball
a person in black shirt is running away
a man in white shirt is walking
a small bird is running
 a green bird is rotating on the table
a duck in front is walking
the bird is playing
a red ball is sitting on the floor on the back of basket
a man is throwing a ball
a man in white is rolling on the ground
a baby is rolling
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a blue ball is moving
a dog is rolling
a big red ball is moving
a dog is walking
a white dog on the back is following others
a black dog is jumping up the fences
a dog is rolling in a grass field
a car is jumping up and down
a white car is moving very fast on the bottom
a black cat in the middle is crawling
a cat is sitting on the right
a yellow bird is playing
a white and orange ball is jumping up and down
a car is flying on the air
a man in suit is running
a white cat is walking
a top naked man is jumping
a man behind the car is watching
the second runner from the bottom is running
a blue bar is sitting on the floor in the middle
a blue car on the right is moving
an orange ball is flying
a white cat is walking
a man in yellow clothes is rotating a rope
a colorful bird is climbing up the fence
the most left man is standing
a man in the middle is catching a ball
a man in red shirt is jumping
the second from right man is running
a man in violet shirt on the right is standing
a man on the right is taking care of a child
a man is rolling down a hill
a car is moving
a man in red jersey is running in the middle
a baby is rolling in his bed
 rd car is jumping up a ramp
a baby is climbing up the stairs
 man in blue shirt is standing on the left
a man in black is running and jumping
a man is throwing a green ball
a man is climbing up a rock
a boy on the right is eating a slice of pizza
a dog is running in the snow
a black ball is moving in a bowling floor
a man in yellow shirt is standing in front of the camera
a girl on the left is jumping
a boy is playing with a ball
a black dog on the left is watching
a dog is walking in the grass
a boy is jumping
the second man from the left in red is watching
hands of a person is playing with an animal
a baby is walking
a green car is jumping up and down
a bird is flying
a white and red car is flying on the air
a white car in front is moving
a cat is climbing up the fences
a man in red is running
a man in blue shirt on the right is running
a baby is rolling in the bed
a man in watching on the left
a man is rolling on the ground
a man in yellow jersey is running
a white dog is sitting on the floor
the first bird from the right is walking 
a cat is rotating in a circle
a man in uniform on the left is marching 
a boy in white shirt is playing with a ball
a car is jumping up and down
 a man is running
a black car is rolling down a hill
a black and white cat is walking
a bird is sitting on a stick on the back
a man in white jacket is getting away
a person on the left is walking
a cat is rating
a baby is climbing up
a boy is throwing a ball to the basket
a woman is sitting on the back
a black dog is walking
a man is running and jumping
the first man from the left is running
the third man from the right is running
a man in black is running on the back
a person in red shirt is sitting
a small dog is running in the middle
a ball is moving and flying
a man in black is standing on the right side of the blue car
a dog is running
a  black and white cat is eating food
a green parrot is rolling 
a car is rolling on the ground
 big white blob on the left is rolling down a hill
a bird is jumping
a white cat is running and playing
a man is jumping into the car
a bird is rolling on the floor
a girl in pink shirt on the left is watching
a brown dog is rolling in the grass
a cat is rolling on a table
a man in blue shirt is crawling
None
a white dog is running from the back to front
a top naked man is crawling
a man in blue shirt is watching
a man is eating a sandwich
a man in black is playing and throwing a ball
a tall man is walking
a baby is climbing up the stairs
 white and brown dog is running
a cat is rolling on the ground
the third car in ranking is moving
a dog is crawling
a white dog is crawling
a car is jumping on the air
a bird is flying
the front car is moving
a man in dark suit is standing on the back
a girl on the left is watching
a girl is jumping
a boy is throwing a ball
a bird is rolling
a man in blue shirt and white hat on the right is watching
a black cat is running in a circle
a baby is rolling in the bed
a man behind the camera is moving his hand up and down
third man from the left is running
a cat is climbing up a man's leg
a man in white shirt is playing with a ball
a boy in red shirt is throwing a ball
an orange ball is jumping up and down
a man with white short pant is standing on the left
a small dog is running on the left
a man in white shirt is running
a baby is rolling in his bed
 baby is walking
the number 245 man in blue jersey is running
the forth man from left in red jersey is running
a baby is crawling
a cat is climbing up the tree
a man is throwing a bowling ball
a player in green cover in the middle is playing
a woman is sitting on the back with a light on her hand
an orange ball is jumping up and down
 green ball is on the floor
a black and white cat is rolling
a black dog is running
a black and white bird in the front is walking 
a car is moving so fast
a brown cat is walking
a bird is flying on the left
a man in dark is standing in the middle
a car is jumping into the water
a boy on the right side of the car is watching
a white car is moving
a black car is rolling on the air
a yellow bird is flying
the blue car on the back
a boy in green and yellow is standing on the right back
a man with black shirt and white pant is walking away the camera from the right
a blue car is jumping from a ramp
a black car is moving on top
a white and black dog is running around
a dog is rolling on the floor
a dog is jumping to catch a  frisbee
a pink car in the middle is moving
a girl in yellow cover is walking in the back
a black cat is watching a ball
a man is sitting on the right
a dog is standing near a girl in pink shirt
a small duck in the middle is following her mother
a small dark bird on the right is walking
a girl in yellow shirt is standing on top of a tower
a boy in blue is playing with a ball in front of the camera
a person is climbing up a wall
a man is eating a sandwich
a cat is running 
a man in white shirt is throwing a ball
a man in orange shirt is walking
a woman in green cover is walking and talking
a red bowling ball is moving
a bird is climbing up
a man in dark is walking on the right
a small cat is running around
a dog is jumping up the tree
the left cat is walking toward camera
a cat is eating food
the left man in white shirt is sitting
a man in white shirt is standing on the right
a man with red shirt is climbing up
a girl is eating spaghetti 
the middle gray cat is eating
a dog is walking on a treadmill 
a man is crawling
the man in uniform on the left is walking
the bird is flying from right to left
a black car is parked
a black cat is sitting on the back
a bird is eating food
a white dog is rolling
a white car is jumping up and down
a man is raising his hands and running
a cat is rolling on the floor
a man is standing behind a jumping car
a car is moving
a man in suit is running 
a top naked man is throwing a ball
a green parrot is rolling
a white ball is moving
a girl in blue shirt is jumping up and down
the right person in red shirt is walking on the back
a gray cat is walking
an orange ball is going down stairs
a man in black is standing on the left side
a black dog is walking
a man is standing near violet car on the right
a man is watching on the right
a cat is running and playing
a yellow ball is moving on the right side
an orange ball is flying on the air
a man in middle right is playing an instrument
a man in white tshirt standing on the back
a cat is running
a light brown dog is walking
a man in white cover is standing on the left
a girl is sitting and feeding food to a dog
an orange ball is flying on the air
a boy in white tshirt is sitting on the left
a blue car is moving from right to left
a dog is standing on the back
a white car is parked near the camera
a dog is eating a red apple
a person in dark on the right is watching the car
the left white bird is walking
the person is walking
the third black man from the right is sitting
a top naked baby is walking
a man in blue shirt in the middle in running
a red car is parked on the right
a cat is rolling on the floor
a man is eating on the right
a boy is eating on the left
a bird is flying
a dog is jumping
a man in pink shirt standing on the right back
a reddish bird is eating on the left 
a dog is jumping to catch something
the top car on right is moving
the man is rolling
a man in white and black shirt is standing on the right back
a dog is walking
a person in white jacket is standing
the first from right white dog is sitting in a seat
a man in black jacket is catching a cat
a white car is parked on the back
a man is playing an instrument in the middle of a group
a man on the left is pushing a car from the behind 
a dog is crawling
a white dog is running
a man is standing on the right and watching the competition
a green bird on the right is walking on a stick
a baby is walking
a blue car is moving
the third ranked car is moving
a dark car is parked in the middle
a dog is jumping into the water
a boy is eating food
a green ball is on the left
a car is moving and flying on the air
a top naked man is jumping on top of a barrel
a man with white shirt is watching a car
a boy in red shirt is throwing a ball
a dark car is moving from right to left
a white player in the middle is playing with a ball
the third man from right is eating
a man in front is running
the man in white is running
a baby is walking
the blue man is running on a treadmill
the white cat is running
an orange ball is flying on the air
a green parrot is rolling on the floor
a red car is sitting in the basket
a cat is climbing up a ladder
a man is sitting on the left
a parrot is jumping up and down
a pink car is jumping up and down
a dog is sleeping on the back
an orange ball is flying on the air
a big white ball is jumping up and down
a baby is crawling
None
a boy in blue shirt is playing with a ball
a man in green shirt is sitting and playing with a dog
a cat is jumping over a barrier
a dog is crawling
a person in white shirt is walking on the right
a green car is jumping up and down
a big red and white ball is rolling on the ground
the bird on the back middle is walking
the green bird is rolling
the second from right car is moving
the cat is eating flowers
a man is standing then sitting
a man in dark shirt is standing on the left
a man is walking
a man in white pant is walking
a black dog is jumping
a baby is pink hoodie is sitting and watching
a bird is jumping up and down
a baby is rolling
a bid is drinking water
a green woman is running
a man in violet shirt is running
a car is rolling down a hill
a girl is rolling on the ground
a bird is eating food on the left
a person is running
a man is climbing up a tree
a bird is jumping up and down
a man on the left is walking toward camera
a baby is crawling
a man in dark jersey is running to right and throwing a ball
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a man is watching on the left
a dog is crawling
a yellow car is moving in the middle
a bird is jumping up and down on the left
a man in black jacket is standing on the right
a man in red shirt is standing on the left
a duck on the left is playing with two other ducks
a man is jumping
a man is jumping up and down
a top naked man is rolling on the sands
a bird is running in the middle
the right man is running
the brown dog is rotating
a black dog is jumping
a man in black jacket is walking on the right
a dog is crawling
a bird is rolling
an orange ball is flying on the air
 green car is jumping up and down
a duck in the middle of two other ducks is playing
a dark dog on the right is sitting on top of another dog
a blue player is running and playing
a ball is flying on the air
a woman is throwing a bowling ball
a dog is rolling in a grass field
the right person is walking away from the camera on the left
a man in front is walking
a car is rolling down a hill
a woman in red shirt is sitting on the right
a baby is crawing
a man is standing behind a car
a person is rolling down a hill
a man in blue shirt and black pant is walking toward camera on the left
a man is walking
a player is jumping and throwing a ball
a car is rolling on the ground
a green parrot is climbing up a rop on the left
a duck is walking on the right
a white and brown cat is walking inside a rotating wheel
a man in biking
a white and orange car is jumping a ramp
a gray and white bird is eating
an orange ball is flying on the air
 man in red tshirt is standing on the back
a dog is jumping up and down
a woman in black uniform is watching
a man is sitting on top of a car
the left orange ball is sitting on top of another balls
a bird is flying
a dog in jumping up and down
a man in orange is eating sandwich on the right
a white dog is crawling
a bird on the left is swimming
a white bird in front is flying
a white car is jumping up an down
a man is playing an instrument in the middle of a group
a bird is rotating in a cage
a woman in white dress is sitting on the right
a white dog is walking around
a white dog in front is rolling on the ground
a white dog on the back is standing on the left
the middle bird is eating
a white player number 22 is standing in front of camera
a green bird is playing with rabbits
the man is sitting on the left
the black right dog is crawling
the man in green tshirt is climbing up a rock
the man in black is standing on the right
the cat is climbing up
a green ball is on the left
a dog is eating food on the right
the man on the right is standing
a baby is walking
a woman is walking
a cat is climbing up
a person in green shirt is standing
a white dog is following his owner
a man in white and black striped shirt is standing on the right
a man is standing on the left
a bird is flying on the left
a cat is rolling on the ground
a man in green shirt is shooting a ball
a man in white and black shirt is walking on the left
a bird is eating food
a person taking photo on the right
a man with red hat is lying on the back of a car
a person in red shirt is standing
a man in dark is crawling
a yellow car in front is moving
a bird is walking
a person is rolling down a hill
a black dog is eating
a cat is running in the snow
a car is jumping in the front
a black and white dog is rolling
a black car is jumping up and down
a baby is walking
 white cat is climbing down a tree
a man in blue tshirt and red short pant is standing on the left
a man is jumping and throwing a ball
the yellow second person from the left is running
a ball is flying on the air
a baby is sitting in a baby carriage
a blue car is parked in the middle 
a baby is crawling
a bird is walking
a soldier is crawling
a cat is eating a fish
a dog is eating
a man is walking with his dog
a black dog is running
a bird is flying
a man in black is walking in front of the camera
a person in green is climbing up a rock
a parrot is rolling on the floor
a red ball is sitted on the right
a cat is climbing up a tree
a man in black is jumping up and down
the left duck is walking
a dog is running
the bird on the left is eating
the first man with white shirt and black pant is sitting
a bird is flying
a car is rolling on the ground
the right bird is walking
a green bird is rolling
the black and white cat on the left is eating
a man in black jersey is running to the right
a brown dog is running
a black dog is rolling
a white dog is running
a big white ball is rolling
a soldier is crawling on the right
the third car in the ranking is moving
a man in black pant is running
a baby is crawling
a yellow bird is jumping
a woman is rolling
the blue bird is jumping
the black cat on the right is eating food
the white big ball is rolling down a hill
a bird is running in the snow
a man in black pant on the right is holding a rope
the man on the left is throwing a snow ball
a bird is jumping from right to left
a boy in green cover is playing with a ball in the back
a person is standing with an open leg
a white dog on the left is standing
the second person from the right is watching a car
a car is rolling on the ground
a brown car is jumping up and down
a woman in white pant is walking
a bird is rolling
a black dog is running
the most right car in parked
a person in the middle is playing an instrument
a white ball is moving
a pink ball is flying on the air
a car is rolling on the air
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a black and white cat is rolling
a baby is rolling
a man in yellow and gray striped shirt is standing in the middle
a person on the right is climbing up
the second dog from the right is walking
a dark car is parked behind the fences
a boy is jumping
a black ball is jumping up and down
a black and white cat is running
a red car is parked on the right
a car is flying on the air
a woman is standing and playing with a dog
a person is throwing a bowling ball
the yellow car on the right is moving
a car is moving
a black and white cat is running
a baby is crawling
a black dog is running
a white man in rolling in the front left
a person in blue shirt is standing in front of the camera
a dog is jumping up and down
a brown dog is running on top
a dog is eating
a person in pink shirt is standing on the left
a cat is climbing up a column
a dog is running in the middle top
a dark ball is flying on the air
a dog on the right is running
a black and white car is flying on the air
a person in red tshirt is standing on the left
a bird is flying
a car is rolling on the ground
a small black dog is walking on the back
a car is parked on the left
a man is climbing up
a man in dark is rolling
a person is rolling in the mud in the front 
a boy in yellow tshirt is standing in the middle
the front boy is jumping 
the left dark ball is sitting on the floor
a bird is climbing up
a woman is jumping
a girl on the right is standing
a black dog is walking
a black dog is running
the hands of a person on the left 
a black and white bird is running
a man in blue is rolling on the ground
the left bird is walking
the front gray bird is eating seeds
a light brown dog is eating an ice cream
a boy in green tshirt is crawling
a person in yellow shirt is standing on the left of the red car
a man in green cover on the ledt is playing with a ball
the man in red shirt on the right is standing
a man in white shirt is walking from left to right
a bird is drinking water
a cat on the left is eating food and then walking
a black dog is running
a baby in white shirt is climbing up the stairs
a person is standing on the left
a man in white tshirt is walking
a man is rolling on the grass
a man in white tshirt is jumping in the back
a man is rolling 
a person is sitting in the middle
the left girl in black is walking
a white dog is eating on the right
a bird is climbing up a tree
a green ball is sitting on the front
a man in green tshirt is eating food
a reddish car is rolling on the ground
the first black cat is jumping to catch a toy
a yellow car is jumping up an down
a yellow and black ball is on the floor
a brown dog in jumping up and down
a black cat is climbing up
a brown cat is running inside a rotating wheel
a man is rolling on the floor
a red ball is flying on the air
a dog is walking
a man on the right is sitting
a parrot is eating piece of bread
a man on the right is jumping
a parrot is jumping up and down
a white dog is jumping up and down
a colorful parrot is jumping
a blue ball is moving
a yellow ball is moving
a bird is jumping from one stick to another
a white car is stopping on the left
a ball is flying on the air
the forth yellow car is moving
a black dog on the right is walking
a boy in blue cover is running on the back
a baby is climbing up stairs
a man is standing in the middle
a dog is rolling on the floor
a white dog is rolling in the grass
the forth man from the left is running
the man on the right is walking
a bird is flying
a dog is jumping
a woman in black is walking on the right
a baby is crawling
a car in moving on the back
a white cat is rolling on the ground
a person is jumping
a baby in yellow is rolling on his bed
a green ball is in the middle on the floor
a car is jumping up and down
a blue bowling ball is moving
a person on the left is walking
a car is jumping
a white dog is walking
a man in blue is sitting on the left
a man in dark is running on top
a car is jumping up and down
the right person on the back is walking
the white man on top is running
a bird is jumping
the forth man from the top is running
a bird is eating on the left
a ball is flying on the air
a bird is jumping up and down
a bird is walking in the beach
a white dog on the right side of the left man is walking
a silver car is parked
a dog is walking
a man in white jersey is running
a black dog is rotating in a rotating wheel
a cat is eating food
a man in black is jumping
a white bird is running
a car is jumping up and down
a man is standing on the right side
a cat is walking inside a rotating wheel
a woman in dark red is standing in front of the camera
a black dog is running
a man in white short pant is throwing the ball
a bird is eating food
a white bird is jumping up and down
the forth man from the bottom is running
a parrot is rolling on a sofa
a man is climbing up the tree
a person in white is watching on the left
a white dog is walking
a metallic ball is moving in a maze
a brown cat is rolling on the floor
a white cat is rolling on the grass
a bird is running in the street
the second car from the left is parked
the man from the left is watching
a man in white shirt is standing in the middle
a white bowling ball is moving
the first man from the left is sitting in a white tshirt
a violet ball is flying on the air
a dog is rolling in the bed
a cat is eating food
a white cat is jumping and running
a person in dark on the right is standing
a brown dog is eating food
a blue ball is jumping up and down
a white dog is eating food
a baby is crawling on the floor
a white and brown dog is crawling
the first man in white shirt is sitting
a man is throwing a bowling ball
a girl is rolling
a dark ball is moving in the middle
a man in white is standing on the bottom
a white and black dog is walking
a man in white shirt iwatching on the left
a white cat is jumping
a red ball is moving in a bowling floor
a ball is flying
a girl in white jacket is walking
a man is crawling
a blue ball is jumping up and down
a black cat is moving on the tree
a boy is climbing up a column
a car is flying on the air
a dog is crawling
a car is flying on the air
a top naked baby is waliking
a bird is climbing up a branch
a bird is rolling on the floor
a person in dark on the left is standing
a baby is rolling
a man in white pants and open legs is standing
a white cat is walking in a treadmill
a dog is sitting in a chair on the right
a dog is sleeping in the back
a bald man is eating a sandwich
a car in the back is moving
a ball is flying on the air
the second man from left with a white tshirt is standing with ball in his hands
an orange ball is jumping up and down
a baby is walking
a cat is eating food
a car is flying on the air
a man is climbing up the stairs
a ball is flying on the air
a man is eating food
a bird is flying
a dog is jumping
a black dog is rolling on the floor
a black dog is walking around
a man in white cloth is walking
a black cat is running
the first man from the bottom is running
a man in white tshirt on the left is moving
a baby is crawling
a baby is crawling
a cat is climbing a tree
a man is eating a sandwich
a car is flying on the air
a ball is flying on the air
a car is rolling on the air
a white car is moving
a black dog is running in the water
a green ball is in hands of a woman
a man in red is running
the boy on the right is eating
a black cat is walking
a dog is eating something
a cat is climbing up
a green bird is rolling on the table
a white dog is walking on the left
a white dog is rolling in the grass
an orange and black bird is rolling
a baby in blue is rolling in a grass field
the woman in the middle is walking
a black and white dog is walking
a baby is walking
a woman is running and then jumping
a woman is sitting on the sofa
a baby in orange tshirt is rolling on the sand
a person in the middle is standing
a woman is standing
a person in the middle is sitting in front of camera
a black and white dog is running in front
the right man in black is standing behind the car
the bird on the right is standing
a man in white shirt is standing on the left
a man in blue jeans is walking
a man in blue shirt is sitting
a blue bird on the left is eating food
a bird on the right is climbing up a rope
a bird on the right is flying
a baby in green is crawling
a green bowling ball is moving
a car in the middle is moving
man climbing on left
man in blue shirt walking with a dog
dog walking with a woman
colorful ball rolling on the ground
man crawling on the floor
girl walking with a dog
football player in white shirt standing in the back
bird flying over the beach
black car jumping up and down
parrot rolling
cat jumping up
white dog walking in the back
black cat eating
cat laying down on the floor
man in black standing by the road
woman in black dress walking with a dog
blue racing car running
woman in red top walking with a white dog
basketball flying into the basket
man in black shirt and jeans standing on the right
man in red jacket running with a dog
man crawling on the grass
man crawling on the top
man in gray shirt sitting on the top left
black cat jumping
purple ball rolling
bird flying
basketball in the hand of the rightmost player
black cat walking on the treadmill
man walking on the treadmill
dog crawling on the lawn
dog crawling on the floor
cat walking on the road
woman in gray shirt crawling
car climbing the hill
black dog running
black bird jumping on the top right
cat eating on the right
man eating ribs
man in gray shirt standing on the top right
man in yellow shirt jumping
black truck parking on the top right
white and green duck walking
man crawling on the grass
man in yellow shirt and black shorts crawling on the right
man in dark shorts walking with white dog
man in red vest eating
baby walking in the room
woman in blue shirt walking with a white dog
dog running in the room
boy in black jumping up and down
boy in blue passing football in the back
man in blue shirt walking in the back
man in yellow shirt jumping over a man
white dog jumping
woman in black top walking with a girl
right cat climbing
bowling ball rolling on the track
man in black walking in the back
dog eating apple
woman walking with a man on the beach
black dog crawling on the floor
parrot jumping up and down
gray cat jumping
girl in school uniform standing on the left
cat jumping
man in black top crawling
bird eating on left
man rolling on the grass
man crawling on bottom right
car jumping up and down
man crawling on the lawn
parrot climbing
baby throwing a red ball
woman in purple top walking with dog
white dog walking
man in gray top walking on the left
blue car jumping up and down
baby climbing the stairs
dog jumping over the bar
baby climbing down the stairs
truck rolling over
woman running first
big bird standing on left
man in yellow shirt running first
spotted cat jumping along the refrigerator
woman in red top crawling
black dog rolling on the grass
man in uniform standing on the top left
black dog running
man in white shirt and white hat walking in the back
cat eating
dog jumping in the snow
white ball rolling on the trampoline
baby walking in the corridor
football on the back left
first woman from the left standing beside the running track
small bird walking around
boy in orange top walking around
brown dog rolling on the floor 
woman walking with dogs
dog jumping over the bench
car flying in the sky
small bird standing on the bottom left
dog rolling on the floor
man pushing the ball forward
man in orange shirt playing football
white dog standing next to a man in gray suits
dog jumping up and down
yellow bird climbing the human hands
bowling ball rolling on the track
woman in purple dress running with a dog
girl eating
racing car running first
baby in pink crawling on the floor
parrot climbing along the rope
cat eating
pink ball rolling
red racing car running second
duck jumping to the ground
green ball jumping up and down
bird climbing the cage
baby crawling on the floor
car jumping over the road
man in yellow shirt and blue shorts running first
cat jumping onto the door
man crawling on the floor
small duck jumping into the water
white car jumping up and down
man in orange shirt playing with a pink ball
black dog rolling
bird rolling on the grass
green car jumping up and down
man jumping on the mat
car jumping into the water
right ball bouncing up and down
man in white top walking in the back
baby crawling in the middle
man walking with dogs on the beach
baby rolling
cat eating watermelon
cat jumping along the door
silver car parking in the back
man in black rolling on the floor
second man in blue from right standing
man in black with a backpack standing on the right
player in blue shirt playing basketball
man in pink top walking beside the running track
man in black suits walking on the right most
man in black top and white pants rolling
dog jumping for food
cat eating
man standing on the left
cat running in the room
red racing car running first
man walking with a woman
man jumping up
basketball jumping
man in white top running
forth runner from left running
man in black standing beside the running track
cat eating
parrot jumping on the bed
third runner from right running
cat jumping over the fence
woman crouching on the right
dog jumping to the woman
baby walking
baby in red rolling
black bird flying
player in white shirt running with a basketball
black dog rolling on the lawn
bird jumping in the cage
white dog rolling on the ground
cat running in the wheel
man in white top crouching on the left
black dog jumping to the frisbee
blue and yellow racing car running
boy in blue passing football
green car jumping up and down
small dog walking with a woman
green bird walking on the curtain rod
dog crawling on the grass
cat climbing the ladder
dog jumping into the water
man in black jacket and blue jeans standing on the bottom
topless man crawling
baby climbing onto the chair
man crawling
brown dog sitting on the floor
man standing under the basket
man in black suits walking across the street
left most man holding a basketball
woman in purple top climbing rocks
man in black standing next to the car
man shooting a basketball
white dog running in the room
cat climbing curtains
man in blue top running
baby in orange walking
woman in pink jacket running with a dog
second dog from the right walking behind a man
black cat jumping
baby walking
car rolling down the hill
baby crawling on the floor
car rolling over on the road
man in white top sitting on the running track
woman standing next to a brown dog on the left
man in black top running with a basketball
man climbing the tree
bird standing in the center
bird flying in the sky
white cat standing on left
bird eating
man in red shirt walking behind the car
woman sitting on the left
green bird rolling on the floor
black dog crawling
dog eating
man crawling in the front
pink car flipping over
black cat rolling on the floor
blue car rolling on the road
dog crawling on the floor
player standing on the bottom left
girl running with a dog on right
man in white top and black shorts standing behind the car
ball rolling
white dog walking
second runner from the right running
cat eating on the right
man crawling in the mud
bird eating in the top center
baby crawling on the bed
man in white hat standing in the center
football rolling on the football field
man in blue shirt and red shorts standing in the center
baby walking
man crawling
man walking next to the car
ball flying into the sky
man in red top walking
football jumping up and down
baby rolling
green ball rolling on the floor
woman eating on left
white truck flying
man in black walking
basketball flying into the basket
girl eating
man walking next to a baby
green racing car running
man crawling
cat eating
football in the back
bird eating
black cat climbing down the ladder
right cat eating ice cream
black bird standing on the tree
man in black shorts crawling
cat laying down on the right
man in white top jumping into the sand pit
cat rolling on the floor
man standing on the right
left ball bouncing up and down
pink and gray bird walking
bird rolling
man in blue hat eating
parrot walking above the door
cat walking
man in sunglass walking
man climbing rocks in the center
cat running in the room
white ball on the left
man standing
man in black playing basketball
black cat climbing
black cat rolling on the floor
topless man running
woman in pink top crouching on the left
black dog walking on the left
bird walking
man in orange shirt standing in the back
bird flying
girl playing with a green ball
man in blue rolling on the mat
man in red running
car flying
man running at first
baby walking
bird flying
white bird standing
man in black walking behind the car
man walking on the floor
red car running on sand
left woman climbing
white dog eating on the left
man shooting a basketball
man in yellow walking in the far back
man standing up in the middle
man throwing a ball
woman in white shirt walking on the beach
football flying into the goal
baby crawling on the left
man shooting a basketball
woman walking with a dog
racing car running on the road
baby climbing over the bed
man in blue shirt running on the left
man in black standing on the bottom
woman in pink standing next to a table
dog crawling on the ground
black dog walking
man playing with a cat
baby crawling on the floor
cat jumping to the ball
bird running
parrot rolling
black cat walking on the lawn
man eating
man in black walking next to a girl
first man from the left running 
man in white shirt walking
gray dog crawling on the left
car flying
seagull standing in the back
white car parking on left
man in black shorts walking with a boy
bird eating on the top
baby climbing stairs on the left
man in white top standing in the center
mama duck walking
dog eating on the grass
dog jumping into the water
car jumping on sand
woman in red dress walking on the stage
black dog crawling
white car running in the back
man walking with a white dog
gray bird eating
green racing car running on left
woman in pink top climbing
black cat jumping up and down
baby climbing stairs
baby walking
woman in blue running with a dog 
man in red shirt eating
red car jumping up and down
bowling ball rolling on the track
football rolling on the football field
woman crouching next to a man
parrot jumping on the table
left man in yellow sitting beside the running track
man in white top and blue pants standing beside the running track
cat walking on the treadmill
man in white shirt running
black cat jumping
man throwing a bowling ball
woman in black walking on the left
black car rolling on the road
man crawling on the floor
bird walking
dog crawling under the chairs
cat eating
man in green shirt standing
man in red running
man in white hat standing on the bottom left
woman in white hat standing on the left
baby crawling next to a dog
pigeon walking
white cat rolling on the carpet
man in dark top and red shorts walking on the bottom right
white dog eating
man in blue shirt standing behind the stage
baby crawling to the toy
woman crouching on the right
man dunking a basketball
football flying into the goal
brown dog walking to the man
bird flying in the sky
cat running in the wheel
leftmost football rolling
man in blue rolling
dog walking with a woman
black cat walking in the room
spotted cat eating
baby rolling
parrot rolling on the bed
bowling ball on the left
man in white shirt standing behind the car
blue car jumping up and down
player standing under the basket
man in red shirt shooting a basketball
red car running at second
black bird walking on the tree
baby walking
dog rolling in the mud
cat eating next to the window
woman in green top standing in the back
car running on the road
car jumping into the water
cat walking
bird rolling
white dog running on the grass
left bird climbing the cage
black cat walking
man throwing a ball
white dog walking on the top
white dog rolling on the grass
gray dog running
man in green top throwing a basketball
car running at first
woman in black standing on the right
man eating on the left
red racing car running
racing car running on the road
man in black walking on the left
cat eating ice cream
man in striped shirt standing
dog jumping into the water
white dog rolling on the floor
yellow bird climbing along the rope
dog in purple running
man eating
baby climbing stairs
yellow cat walking through the door
cat rolling on the floor
dog crawling on the grass
baby walking on the right
baby rolling on the carpet
man in black shorts rolling
man in orange shirt standing on the bottom
dog running
yellow bird flying
dog eating
woman climbing stairs behind the babies
man with a backpack walking
woman crawling on the grass
white dog eating
player in blue shirt playing basketball
red car parking next to a truck
baby rolling on the carpet
black dog jumping
third man from the left running
car jumping up and down
woman in green top standing on the left
woman in red top walking on the right
girl running on the lawn
man in black top and hat standing behind the car
man in white top standing in the hot air balloon
little duck walking next to the mama duck
man in white top running
bird drinking milk
black and white cat walking
white car running on the road
black dog rolling
man in white top and black hat sitting on a chair
dog lying on the floor
man in black top standing in the back
man rolling on the floor
cat jumping to the bird
pink car running on the road
baby walking in the middle
dog crawling
dog walking on the left side of the woman in gray top
red car parking in the back
black cat standing next to a baby
bird flying
baby girl sitting on the couch
baby boy climbing
yellow cat walking on the top
basketball flying into the basket
cat climbing the tree
cat climbing onto the bed
girl in blue shirt playing football on the bottom right
topless man climbing rocks
man sitting on the left
man in white rolling on the floor
red car jumping to the white car
bird flying in the sky
rightmost man standing in the back
basketball flying into the basket
ball bouncing up and down
baby girl climbing the chair
car rolling on the road
man rolling on the lawn
man sitting on a blue truck
cat climbing the fence
man throwing a bowling ball
man crawling on the football field
yellow bird standing on the bottom left
man in blue shirt standing on the top
bird rolling
dog walking with a woman
man in orange shirt climbing rocks
woman climbing rocks
bird flying on the right
man in blue shorts jumping up and down
man in black standing next to the wall
black and brown dog walking in the snow
man rolling on the grass
black dog crawling
woman in yellow top standing on the left
blue truck pushing down the car
dog jumping on the trampoline
man in black shirt walking
gray and blue bird rolling
baby climbing
man standing by the river
girl rolling on the mat
little duck walking next to the mama duck
white cat running
baby rolling
cat running in the snow
man climbing rocks
ball falling to the floor
baby walking on the street
cat eating on the table
basketball flying into the basket
man eating on the left
black duck walking
blue car jumping up and down
black cat eating on the floor
man in green top walking with a woman
man in white shirt standing next to a car
man rolling on the lawn
man crawling on the grass
parrot climbing along the rope
spotted dog walking on the right
dog walking with a woman
man eating on the right
bird climbing on the cage
third man from right running
topless man jumping into the sand pit
yellow dog walking on the left
cat running on the lawn
cat running in the wheel
man in black shorts standing next to white dogs
man in white standing on the top right
baby crawling through the green tube
man in black shorts standing on the left
man in black shirt eating
baby rolling on the bed
girl eating
black car rolling on the road
bird walking on the grass
bird jumping on the tree
girl bouncing two balls
girl in black top walking with another girl
black bird flying
cat climbing human leg
man in dark shirt walking with two bags
man eating
racing car running at first
man walking on the right
man in red shorts dunking
yellow and orange racing car running
dog running
woman in black pants walking with a dog
baby crawling
woman in blue rain coat walking
baby climbing onto the couch
dog rolling on the floor
man in black hat crouching next to a dog on the right
left basketball rolling on the floor
blue car running on the road
green bird climbing stairs
man in black hat eating
man standing next to a baby
boy playing football on the top left
car jumping up and down
black bird walking on the ground
dog jumping on the lawn
cat rolling
man in white hat eating
baby crawling on the floor
man in black top and black hat standing on the bottom left
dog running on the road
dog rolling
man holding a baby on left
man in blue shirt bouncing a basketball
blue racing car running on the road
rightmost dog walking behind a man
baby climbing stairs
bird climbing
bird standing on the right
man eating
brown dog walking
woman eating
leftmost dog walking in the cage
man rolling on the lawn
man in yellow standing next to a white car
bird walking in the back
bird flying over the water
orange ball on the bottom
brown dog rolling
bowling ball rolling on the track
woman playing with a blue bird
man in dark shirt and blue jeans standing on the top
man in blue shirt sitting on the floor
black dog rolling on the grass
dark car rolling on the road
red ball rolling on the floor
brown cat lying on the left
man in white shirt eating
bird flying above the water
man in white shirt lying on the floor
second black car from left parking on the road
white dog crawling
black dog jumping rope
parrot climbing along the rope
racing car running at first
baby in red crawling on the floor
player in blue shirt shooting a basketball
right parrot walking on the bed
woman sitting at the table
second man from right running
left man sitting
car parking on the top left
yellow cat walking on the right
man kicking football
man eating
man in white rolling with a man in black
car running on the road
man rolling on the floor
basketball flying into the basket
bird walking in the grass
cat climbing the fence
bowling ball rolling on the track
white car parking in the back
left basketball bouncing up and down
man in red vest standing on the right
man running on a bike
man throwing a bowling ball
man in purple top standing on the right
man running with a cat on the lawn
man standing in the snow
car rolling over
topless man climbing rocks
volleyball flying over the net
spotted cat jumping
man in black shirt standing on the right
woman in black walking in the back
man in blue shirt and black pants walking on the left
baby walking
red ball flying
man in blue rolling on the floor
dog eating
dog walking with a woman on the left
parrot jumping on the table
orange ball in the blue bowl
man in black jumping
boy bouncing a yellow ball
man in white shirt standing on the left
little cat standing next to the human leg
white and green racing car running in the front
man in yellow running
man walking with a dog
black ball rolling on the floor
baby in white top crawling on the floor
football rolling on the football field
black bird flying in the sky
man climbing indoor
big bird walking on the beach
player in blue shirt passing ball on the right
silver car parking in the far back
girl standing on the grass
parrot climbing the cage
baby walking
girl in white shirt jumping
bird flying in the sky
woman in black and white dress standing at the table
man in black running
pink ball rolling
man crawling in the front
cat jumping
car jumping up and down
bird jumping up and down
woman walking with a dog
woman in sunglass sitting on the right
boy sitting on the left
black dog running on the grass
man eating burger
right basketball bouncing up and down
cat running in the room
man in pink hat climbing the rocks
cat climbing the ladder
cat rolling on the floor
car running on the road
yellow ball on the bottom left
baby crawling in the front
bird rolling on the sofa
yellow bird climbing stairs
blue bird climbing 
bottom right man in uniform walking on the street
man in blue shirt eating on the left
baby in white walking
baby in red rolling
third man from left running
man in white shirt playing with a dog
baby in pink hat rolling
basketball flying into the basket
bird walking on the right
car rolling down the hill
man climbing on left
basketball flying into the basket
man in blue shirt and white shorts playing basketball
dog running on the lawn
man walking with a dog on the road
bird flying
dog standing next to a black cat
right parrot rolling
cat walking on the right
racing car running on the road
man playing with a parrot
baby climbing stairs
cat eating
spotted cat running in the wheel
woman in purple dress walking with a man
rightmost white car parking in the back
cat climbing the curtains
baby climbing stairs
parrot rolling
white car rolling our of the road
man eating on the left
woman in gray shirt eating
bowling ball rolling on the track
man bouncing a golf ball
white cat running on the sidewalk
woman in black pants walking with a black dog
white cat jumping above the window
gray cat walking
woman in gray shirt standing on the right
man in black sitting in the top center
man in white top and white hat standing on the left back
parrot standing on the hand
man standing on the left side of the car
woman walking with a dog
blue racing car running
man in yellow vest climbing rocks
man throwing a bowling ball
white dog running
black dog running with a ball
pigeon eating
third man from left in pink running
car flying
man in white top crawling on the grass
woman walking with a white dog
black cat climbing the wall
man in white shirt and black shorts standing on the left
man standing on the right side of the treadmill
man walking with a brown dog
brown dog jumping into the water
blue car jumping up and down
football rolling on the ground
dog jumping rope with a man
man in white standing on the far left
man eating on the right
baby in pink climbing the chair
man in gray shirt sitting at the table
man walking on the beach with a woman
white car parking on the top right
dog jumping 
man in green shirt and black pants standing on the right
spotted cat running
woman in orange shirt running with a dog
basketball bouncing up and down
green bird standing on the tree
blue ball jumping up and down
man climbing rocks
bird climbing
black bird eating
baby crawling
woman with a brown bag crouching in the back
gray bird eating
dog rolling in the mud
dog eating raw meat
man crawling on the ground
baby crawling
dog crawling on the carpet
man throwing a basketball into the basket
green bird jumping on the table
man in red shorts sitting on the couch
man in yellow shirt jumping into the sand pit
black bird standing above the water
bird walking on the ground
bird flying in the sky
man in white shirt shooting a basketball on the right
blue car jumping up and down on the right
basketball flying into the basket
third runner from left running
man rolling on the floor
man in blue jeans standing on the left
white dog running on the grass
ball bouncing up and down on left
red parrot rolling
dog jumping over the bar
man in white crawling in the mud
white bird walking on the beach
The dog running through different obstacles
The man in white suit standing near the track
The man in camouflage clothes climbing the stairs
Naked guy running on the field
The baby in the diaper crawling on the floor
Little baby in blue costume laying on the floor
The woman in the black costume walking in the park with her husband
The soldier is crawling in the middle of the group
Cute dog slowly crawling on the floor
The blue car turning the corner
Wavy parrot playing with the bird toy
Small boy in striped pajama rolling on the carpet
Small cute duck on the left following his mother
White ball rolling on the green grass
Green-yellow parrot rolling on the wooden stick in the cage
The guy showing basketball exercise with a ball
The guy in black shirt eating sandwich
Pink bowling ball rolling in the right channel
The guy throwing disc to the dog
Boy in the blue shirt passing a ball on the left
White dog crawling under the wooden fence
The woman in pink shirt and black pants walking to the left
White cat is eating watermelon
Black dog on a leash is running on the pink carpet
The girl in the back lifting dumbbells
Black-white cat eating something in the bowl
White-black cat climbing over fence
Small baby in gray costume climbing wooden stairs
Black large car rolling several times
Brown small dog is strangely crawling on the floor
The guy in white shirt juggling a ball
The guy in the middle watching a car show
The eagle flying over the sea
Brown dog rolling on the white bed
White-black dog walking in front
Black dog walking close to the right fence
Guy in all black kicking a ball
Golf ball jumping on the golf club
The dog jumping near the house corner
Guy in orange short switching on the lights
Small boy trying to walk with the help of his mother
Guy with long hair eating beans
The model in leopard dress walking on the podium 
Cat standing in the back cage
Guy is struggling to climb over stone block
Black skinny cat sitting on the shoulders of the man
Black dog walking on a leash of the man
Orange ball flying to the basket
Guy in white shirt and black pants walking in front
Dog eating watermelon on the left
Small girl in cute dress walking in the room
Red Bull racing car is following three cars ahead
Dog rolling on the grass
Brownish cat fighting on top of another cat 
White dog is rolling in the dirt
Guy in white shirt running on the gravel road close to the car
Cute kitten is playing with man hand 
Man in the red shirt running on the track 4
Blue ball jumping in supermarket
Guy in white shirt and black pants standing near the back of the car
Green car dancing in the middle
Dog on a leash eating something from the bowl
Guy throwing up the ball
Green wavy parrot playing with two toys
Dog rolling on the grass
Small black bird catching worm in the grass
Striped cat running on the treadmill
Guy holding height measurer from the right side 
Small boy crawling with the dog
Small girl throwing huge blue ball
Boy in green shirt passing the ball several times
Reflection of the wavy parrot climbing the rope
Fluffy cat rolling on the parquet
Yellow cat running for small toy
Flamingo bird flying in the middle
Furry white dog walking on a leash of the guy in a black suit
White-brown dog walking on the beach near the water
Girl climbing very steep rock
Redhead woman in the red dress standing with gray dog
Half-naked guy climbing steep rock
woman in gray dress jumping a rope with the dog
Black cat rolling near the grass
The girl with braid hair standing on the right side 
Dalmatian dog running on a leash on green floor
White seagull standing on the sand in the middle
Guy in the white shirt and black pants standing in the middle of crowd
Naked baby walking towards the camera
Tiger cat running in the wheel
Wavy parrot playing with some blue thing
baby is rolling in his bed
Light gray cat is watching for another cat
Old red car rolling on the grass
Guy in white kimono standing in the back behind the trainer
Black small cat is eating an egg
Small fluffy puppy biting the cat
Guy in red shirt throwing the ball
Guy commanding the dog to roll
Furry dog crazily rolling on the floor
The boy the woman in striped cloth laying on the floor
Gray car jumping into the water
Dog running on the grass
Brown dog walking in the forest with cat and man
Orange pickup car jumping in the middle
Boy in the red shirt dribbling a ball
Cat turning the corner
Half-naked guy rolling in the back
Guy in the black suit sitting on the platform
Guy walking with the dog in the training room
Yellow formula car following the leading red car
Woman in black shirt and shorts standing near the pool
Huge colourful air ball jumping in the streets
Hawk flying in the sky
German shepherd eating something in the cage
Guy in black jacket talking to the camera
Man in the black suit walking with the dog
Baby in the diaper climbing the wooden stairs
Boy in blue costume walking towards the camera
Ball rolling from one boy to another in front of the camera
Guy shooting the ball from 3-point line
Man rolling over another man
Blue ball jumping in the training room
Man in dotted shirt following the baby
Big guy holding height measurer from the right side
Tiger cat rolling on the floor
Orange ball jumping in the middle of training room
Guy in red-green shirt walking in the middle of green field
Guy in the white shirt standing behind jumping car
Guy in the hat climbing artificial rock
Smiling baby rolling on the floor
Green ball laying on the wooden floor
Guy in blue-yellow suit running on the middle track
Guy shooting the ball on target
Small baby rolling in green-pink bed
Smaller boy shooting the ball from the middle
Car flying from the trampoline
Baby girl in pink costume walking in the corridor
Guy running in black sport suit
Wavy parrot playing with the pink toy
Furry white dog running on the dog show
Car rolling on the green grass
Colorful air ball jumping outside 
Sports judge sitting on the chair
Blue police car rolling in the streets
Guy in yellow shirt running on the third track
Bald guy in the black shirt running towards the basket
Guy in the grey jacket filming the parade
Guy performing long jumping
Guy in black shirt and red shorts walking towards another guy
Soldier running through forrest
Guy in the training suit throwing the ball
Boy throwing bowling ball
Gray goose flying over the water in the middle
Dalmatian dog running in the dog show
Beautiful parrot walking on the table
Guy in the green hoodie walking in the back
Guy in sports suit standing on the orange ground
Black raven feeding a dog
Baby in striped shirt crawling on the left
Guy in white shirt jumping from the wooden platform
White-green racing car going ahead of yellow car
baby pushing the basket in front of him
Woman walking on gray ground in the park
Guy in the red shirt shooting balls from the left
Rally car turning sharp corners
Guy playing with the cat with two wooden sticks
Pink-green racing car going in the middle of peloton
White tiger cat climbing the tree
Baby crawling in the corridor
Guy playing basketball alone on the court
Orange ball flying to the basket
Man in white shirt running with the dog on the pink floor
Cat climbing the curtains
Woman in violet shirt standing to perform the exercise with the dog
man crawling on the grass
Woman in pink shirt sitting on the chair
Man crawling as a dog on the streets
Woman walking with her dog
Fluffy small white dog walking on a leash
Boy climbing over plastic fence in the house
Puppy in a sweater rolling on the floor
woman in blue dress running with dog 
woman with braid hair supporting climber
Guy in the red suit running on the left
Guy throwing a bowling ball
The dog following the man
Guy in blue shirt climbing the rock 
baby in diaper walking in the room
Dog rolling on the towel
baby in red shirt crawling on the wooden parquet
Woman in black sports suit running on the track
Gray dog running on a leash during dog show
Guy in black sports suit running behind other two guys
Guy in yellow jacket standing in the front
baby rolling on the towel
Cat jumping on the couch
White cat eating something from hand
Black dog jumping over the fence
White dog walking on a leash during the night
Cat climbing the green wall
Parrot faking to be dead
Guy in blue shirt climbing the steep rock
Bird with red topknot walking on the ground
Bird with large wings flying in the sky close to the man
Guy in red shirt kicking the ball into the net
White ball jumping on the grass
Monster car flying from the trampoline
Gray fitness ball laying in the corner
Guy in blue suit filming parrot in the garden
Black car standing on the right side
Brown dog rolling on the carpet
Guy throwing pink bowling ball
Guy in yellow shirt and red pants walking in the back
Car flying from one hill to another 
Brown dog running out from the cat
Black poodle walking on the grass
White dog jumping a rope
Fluffy cat rolling on the wooden floor
Dog walking on snow from the right side of the man
Girl in black shirt walking with boyfriend in the park
Blue cabriolet riding on the road
Man playing with a parrot using pink toy elephant
baby crawling towards the camera
Guy jumping into the sand
Siamese cat rolling according to command
Brown dog dancing in the middle of the room
Referee standing behind the goal line
The guy in yellow shirt sitting between man in yellow shirt and man in white shirt
Cat running on grass towards camera
Gray car turning the corner 
Duck following another duck on the streets
Baby in yellow costume rolling on the mat
Baby rolling on the red cover
Car jumping on the street
Blue-yellow car without windows rolling several times
Guy in grayish clothes clapping on the right side
Gray cat standing with its back to the camera
Baby in green costume climbing the stairs
Girl running out of tree tunnel
Dachshund eating from the bwol
Girl holding a pink hoop
Dog walking on the treadmill
Guy in white shirt shooting the ball on the basketball court
Cat quickly climbing the wall
Baby crawling to grab the ball
Gray cat eating something from the floor
Baby crawling in the middle of the room
Small girl in pink jacket sitting on the bench
Orange ball jumping near free throw line
Woman feeding the dog with an icecream
Flying car taking off from runway
Yellow bird standing at the bottom of something
Furry black dog running on the grass
Woman showing kids how to dribble the ball
Mother following her baby in the corridor
Black car standing near white car
White dog walking around orange ball
Woman climbing vertical rock
Big bird eating snake
Cat rolling on the asphalt near the dog
Gray car jumping on the street
Man representing the circle for the dog jump
Guy in white shirt sprinting
Fluffy cat following wooden sticks
Guy in striped shirt walking near the edge side of the sidewalk
Baby crawling on the colorful mat
Man walking with furry dog on the street
Pigeon walking on the ground
Orange ball laying on the floor near the dog
man standing on the tower
Jeep jumping on the sand dune
Man in blue jacket standing on the right
Woman in pink blouse and white pants walking near theatre
Guy in black shirt with red shape standing near barbed wire
Man on the right playing with the dog
Man in red shorts crawling on the grass
Cat jumping all over the room
Cat licking pancakes
Man on the right watching at the ball
Guy shooting a ball after the catch
Guy in red sweater and blue jeans crossing the road
German shepherd eating food from the bowl
Guy shooting the ball from long range
Cat walking under the iron fence
Guy in white costume standing between tow other guys
Orange ball jumping on the basketball court
baby laying on violet pathway
Ball laying near the door
Woman walking with the dog around the cones
Brown dog crawling with the baby on the green floor
White dog crawling on the gray cover
Baby crawling on the blue cover
Girl in yellow dress standing near the woman
Boy with blonde hair in green shirt chasing boy with the ball
Boy in orange shirt standing behind the line 
Red ball laying near the corner hole
Woman in pink top jumping a rope
Parrot jumping on a parquet
Big car jumping over another car
cat jumping from the floor onto the window
Man in brown jacket and black pants walking in the middle of the street
Guy in white shirt standing behind the car
Guy in black sports suit dribbling two balls
Huge air ball rolling down hill
Furry white dog eating something in its claws
Blue car jumping on the street
Small kitten climbing white pillar
Guy in sports suit running on the athletic track
Guy crawling under small pink gate
Small white poodle walking on a leash
Fat cat running on the beach
Guy in black shirt standing near man in white shirt and green car
Gray racing car following yellow leader
Yellow sport car running on the left
Woman in pink-orange shirt and denim shorts standing near tractor
Half-naked guy climbing steep rock
Man in gray shorts jumping over teh guy in black shorts
Orange ball flying into the basket
Gray car parked on the left side
Soldier in the middle of the group crawling in the dirt
Gray cat catching the hand of the man
Small boy near yellow line kicking the ball
Man in blue sweater sitting on the carpet
Car flying over many other cars
Guy in white shirt dribbling a colorful ball
White seagull flying in front of the camera
Dog jumping over the wooden fence
Dog jumping over the iron fence
Man in dark blue shirt changing barbells
Girl in the black jacket throwing discs to the dog
Guy walking with two dogs in the park
Woman catching an owl on her hand
Cute white cat rolling on the floor
Woman in white shirt and denim shorts standing near car
Fuzzy slowly crawling on the towel
Big guy standing with the dog near the swimming pool
Black cat running out in fear
Gray cat laying on the floor without any movement
Black spaniel relaxing on the grass
Small dog walking on the grass
Gray dog on a leash following the man
Man crawling between orange cones
Girl in pink throwing bowling ball
Cute brown kitten sitting right near the leg
Black cat walking in the spinning wheel
Car jumping from trampoline into the water
Yellow cat jumping on the hand
Guy in black suit running third from the right
Guy in yellow athletic suit running first in the run
Guy in the jacket and cap slipping from the mountain in front of the camera
Boy in striped pants playing with the cat
Ball are passed from one player to another
Green ball with smile on it is rolling on the floor
Girl in white jacket and black pant running on the athletic track
Burgundy car standing on the parking 
Bird poking another bird with its beak
Woman in orange shirt holding her baby
Baby with black hair on the right creeping on blue floor
Car funny jumping on the road
Green parrot climbing down the wooden stairs
Man in white shirt and tie standing at the bottom of the rock
Dog very slowly crawling towards the cat
Black formula car riding in the middle of the peloton
Brown spaniel jumping into the water
White cat eating from the black cup
Guy extensively eating chicken in front of the camera
Cat rolling over on the wooden platform
Guy in white shirt and blue denim jeans entering the building
Woman in white blouse and black pants standing near the track
Guy in pilgrim costume is eating a nutella
Guy rolling over his head on the floor
Green parrot sitting on the arm of the sofa
The cat sitting on the column loudspeaker
Guy is slipping on the bowling track
Black ball laying on the floor
Woman is playing with brownish dog
Black cat quickly climbing the tree
Gray puppy in the middle eating from the common bowl
Guy is eating a lot food very fast
Man in black jacket and gray pants walking with dog on a leash
Guy in blue shirt shooting the ball into basket
Black cat creeping in the grass
Black-white ball falling down on the floor
Guy in the black glasses sitting on the left
Brown-white dog crawling on the floor
Guy in black shirt and white pants standing on the street
White kitten escaping from the hand
Reddish parrot rolling over on the white cover
White licking her claws on the left
Baby boy in blue costume crawling 
The ball is held by the guy in the right corner
Black dog running the girl on a bike
White-yellow bird jumping from one stick to another inside the cage
Woodpecker is climbing the tree
White parrot jumping from the hand on the stick
Brown sparrow eating grains from the grass
Bald baby laying on the left
Model walking along the podium
Dog with big ears running through the grass towards the camera
Cat walking on the treadmill
Rally car releasing the sand dust out of the wheels
White rally car slowly riding 
White chicken walking on the ground
Small bird pecking the plant
Girl in green dress climbing the stairs
Soldier in front creeping in the dirt
Guy in blue shorts standing near the net
Guy in white shirt and helmet jumping on the trampoline
White cat walking on the table like model
Gray cat eating a burger
Pink ball is siting on the top of the fence
Girl in the red jumping on the ball
Baby duck in the middle crossing the road
Baby in the diaper walking in the room
Fuzzy white dog crawling towards the guy
Small boy in white shirt and pants jumping in the middle of he group
Large black pickup truck standing near the garage
White-black cat jumping from the windowsill
Man climbing the steep rock
Cat is eating pet food under the car
White is standing on the left hill
Cat eating something from the floor
Mother bird is feeding a child bird
Blue car starting from the second row on the grid
Person throwing a bowling ball
Car is jumping under colorful lights
The guy throwing the ball to the corner of the basketball board
The black dog running on the green grass
Referee in the striped shirt standing near the grass track
Woodpecker is pecking the tree
The girl with black hair climbing the rock
Black cat jumping to touch the toy on the door
baby girl is reaching the doll
Big orange ball is jumping on the floor
Guy in white shirt shooting the ball into the basket
Guy is jumping using walls 
Guy in the red shirt is heating up near the track
Small green ball laying in the back
Gray bowling ball is rolling on the track
White dog walking on a leash on the grass
Man is climbing the rock
Black pickup tuck standing on the grass
Furry dog rolling on the floor
The bird is searching food in the water
Fuzzy white dog running o a leash
Guy in red shirt kicking the ball with big power
Bird flying just above the sea
Parrot is jumping from one finger to another
Yellowish bird is eating some grains in the grass
Guy in blue shirt and red shorts is talking with another guy
Pigeon is walking on the ground
Big duck is leading baby ducks
Man in green sweater carrying large black bag
Guy is bouldering outside
Half-naked guy in white shirt walking in the back
Man in red standing with the bike 
Black car turning the corner
Guy in black shirt and striped shorts walking near the buildings
Boy is dribbling in the middle of the circle
The black dog is standing near the stove
Woman is crawling with horizontal pose
Man is helping baby to climb the stairs
The bird is searching something in the water
Burgundy car starting in the back of the grid
Black-white cat is jumping from one cabinet to another
The bird is flying in the sky
Guy in the red shirt crawling under the steel wire
Black car standing behind the orange van
Pink car jumping on the left side
Guy in the red shirt standing on ATV
Guy in black standing inside of the turn
Cat is standing near the cage
The bird is climbing up the rope
Boy in red-blue hoodie sitting on the floor
Red-white sport car running around the corner
Guy in black shirt shooting the ball from the free throw line
Black dog standing with the man on the left
Pink ball of threads is rolling on the floor
Guy in blue shirt and with white bandana running on the athletic track
Woman walking with the dog on the streets
Black dog running on green-brown grass
Man in red shirt and black shorts running first in the run
Small baby crawling on the right
Orange car is dancing on the street
White dog rolling on the floor
Man in black suit standing with the rolling guy
Car with Red Bull print flying 
Light brown dog walking on a leash of woman with red belt
Small cute kitten rolling on the wooden floor
Boy sitting on the left
Man in red shirt standing near fence
Fuzzy brown dog eating from the bowl
baby in red shirt reaching a toy
Guy in the white shirt holding height measurer
baby is climbing over the fence
baby crawling on the cover
Guy is parkour jumping
Guy in white short running on the track
Pink car flying over snow
White-black ball rolling on the grass
Furry black dog walking during dog show
Gray cat rolling in the grass
Green bowling ball rolling on the right track
White car is crazily jumping during the show
Baby girl is walking in the corridor
bald guy in black sweater and blue denim jeans standing near the car
White dog crawling on the street
Blue car rolling on the road during the rain
Bird is eating some seeds
Black car following the four leading cars
Guy in green boots running on the athletic track
Yellow bird climbing the arm of the couch
Orange ball flying into the basket
Bird eating rice near the window
Cat is catching laser mark in the room
Duck getting out of the water
Guy in white shirt jumping into the sand
Baby crawling on the wooden floor
Small kitten eating a bird on the ground
Ball flying into the basket
Blue pickup truck dancing on the road
Woman in gray sports suit throwing a red ball
Black cat sitting at the bottom of the wheel on the left side
Black ball laying near green wall
black furry dog crawling on the floor
Guy in blue shirt and jeans standing near the column
Guy in black sports suit standing on the grass
Orange ball is dribbled by the guy in black shirt
Kitten sitting on the left
Man in light blue shirt leading the running group
Blue parrot running on the carpet
Burgundy large car rolling several times
man in the gray shirt running on the grave road
Fury white dog eating food from the floor
Guy in white shirt dribbling a ball
Guy in blue standing near the car
Green wavy parrot jumping in the cage
Guy with short hair is eating a hotdog
Guy in red shirt with number 2456 running on the athletic track
Brown dog pushing yellow ball
Black ball is held by the kid on the right
Red pickup truck is jumping from the sand hill
Guy in the orange shirt shooting the ball
Bald guy eating spaghetti
Black-grey ball laying near the blue wall
Small black water is drinking a water from the dish
Guy in gray shirt and black cap standing on the rock
Green racing car running on the left near the fence
Black bird is flying across the green filed
Black car rolling in the sand
Orange ball is dribbled by the guy with blue shirt
Guy crawling on the green grass
small black dog following the group of white dogs
Guy in white shirt standing near pillar
Woman in blue is bending 
Guy dribbling the ball in the center of the circle
Monster car is rolling over in the air
Woman in colorful cap eating something from a jar
Baby boy in orange shirt climbing the chair
White-black cat climbing the pillar
Black ball is held by the kid on the left
woman is walking to the left
baby is crawling on the white floor
man is walking his dog on the grass
Cat climbing the gray curtains
White poodle standing right near another white poodle
Kitten catching a rope
Guy in all black shooting a ball into the basket
Dog is crawling under the bed
White dog with brown dots crawling on the floor
Guy is shooting the ball from the corner
Guy in red shorts and panama crossing the street
Soldier is following his mates in the dirt
man throwing green bowling ball
Ball flying towards the basket
Soldier crawling slowly on the grass
Woman in pink jacket running on the snowy road
Guy in the black hat eating something
Baby crawling on the floor
Brown spaniel jumping into the water
Green parrot climbing the curtains
Bird flying in the back
Woman sitting on the floor
man in black running on the athletic track
Yellow ball is bouncing on the table
Guy is rolling inside the house
Brownish dog eating something read from the common dish
Pink air ball bouncing on the left
man in red jacket standing on the field
Black car jumping from springboard
Girl in pink jacket standing the wardrobe
Rally car turning the corner
Guy in blue shirt standing near the track
Bald guy in gray standing near the pillars
Orange cat sitting in the shower
Guy in white shirt standing near the guy with bike
Man standing on the sand
Child climbing soft stairs
Baby holding the fence of the bed
Guy in blue costume standing in the back
Guy in green shirt shooting the ball
Woman crawling in the sand using only hands
Guy in white suit standing on the right from another guy in white suit
The ball is dribbled by a guy with the number thirteen
Baby catching the dog in the park
Orange cat jumping from the car to the roof
Black dog running ahead of the car
Man in green shirt and gray cap crossing the road
Violet ball laying in the left corner
Soldier doing exercises in front of the instructor
Small gray bird eating grains from the bowl
White racing car going from the right to the middle of the track
White sport car turning a corner
Small black puppy crawling on the floor
Guy in yellow shirt and green pants standing on the orange floor
Guy in green sweater and light blue jeans filming from the support
Guy in white suit standing on the right side of the track
Small baby boy walking on the beach
Boy in blue shirt is dribbling the ball
Woman in white shirt walking in the forrest
Girl is feeding a dog with a corn
Girl in a nice dress climbing the stairs
Orange cat standing on top of the cabinet
Guy in blue shirt passing a ball during basketball game
Gray goose standing on the right side
Small baby walking in the kitchen
Dog crawling in the grass during sunny day
Red car rolling on the racing circuit
Dig is crawling under the row of chairs
Brownish cat walking towards the camera
Guy in white shirt and black shorts standing on the left side
Jeep is jumping from sand springboard
Black cat in the shadow eating something from the floor
Rd-black formula car riding on the right side of the track
Safeguard in orange suit standing near the building
Athletic woman is standing near running track
Black cat is jumping to catch the laser mark
Guy in green cap walking during rally on the streets
beautiful yellow bird climbing iron support
Guy in black shirt holding a rope
Guy with the cap standing near the car
Dog walking with the woman near the house
man walking with the white poodle during dog show
man in black suit standing with white poodle
Woman slowly climbing the rock
Little cute bird walking on the falling tree
Black cat climbing the pillar
Guy in white shirt and cap filming the car from the left side
Brown dog climbing the tree
Reed-yellow formula car riding in the middle of the track
Woman with the blue top walking along the embankment
Guy eating burger from the plate
Green car standing in the left corner
Guy standing near the car in the middle
Girl in yellow dress standing near the woman
Bird looking at the water
man in blue shirt sitting on green pathway
Baby laying in the bed
White bird rolling on the floor
Gray car is jumping very high
White-black cat walking on the ice
Guy in black shirt light blue jeans standing behind the car
Girl in black suit standing on the sand beach
Woman in black dress is walking with white poodle
Woman in black coat walking in front of the camera
Woman in black skirt with large bag walking on the street
Man in black shirt with yellow print walking on the square
Guy in gray shorts standing on the right
Woman is running along the road
Guy in gray shirt holding the wire
Cat climbing the wall
Orange ball flying on the basketball court
Policeman carrying a bag from the right side
Black dog is eating the chicken on the floor
White-brown is eating  the corn
Colorful air ball jumping outside 
Bird is climbing the stairs
Guy in white hoodie is playing with the dog
man in black suit and blue tie walking on the red carpet
Ball flying to the basket
baby laying in the bed
Man in clothes rolling under barbed wire
Brown dog on the right upper corner eating the food 
Small baby duck following the mother duck 
Raven walking along the fence
man in black hoodie is filming from a platform
Stork is eating a mouse
Man in red shirt standing right in the turn
Black dog is walking in the water on the beach
Black dog is pulling a bike
Dog is rolling on the floor
Man in light blue short walking on the street
Car with trailer flying on the show
Dog is jumping from platform to another
Dog is jumping near the door
Car is jumping from the gras hill
Guy in black shirt shooting the ball
Ball is flying to the basket
Man is climbing the rock
orange ball is dribbled by a guy
Guy in blue shirt watching a crash
Ball is jumping on the court
Blue car is running through the street
Ball in yellow shirt is walking in the room
Small orange cat is eating the food
Woman in black jacket walking backwards with the dog
Instructor standing on the sideline
Red touring car is turning a corner
Pigeon is walking on the paved road
Guy with musical instrument is walking in the front on the left
Girl is holding the baby
Woman in black sweater is walking in the airport terminal
Ball is falling down to the floor
Instructor is passing the ball to the students
Man in red shirt is running on the athletic track
Gray bald dog is walking on the grass
Black dog is eating from the bowl
Car is rolling on the sand ground
White dog is walking on the streets
Black cat is drinking milk
baby boy is climbing over the fence of the bed
Small yellow kitten is sitting on the floor
Cat is jumping for the toy near the door
Ball is running on the grass
Blue ball is rolling on the grass
Bowling ball is laying on the left pathway
White bird is flying in the sky
Small baby duck is following the mother duck
Half-naked guy is climbing the rock
Cat is sitting on the wall
Ball in the green shirt is playing with the cat
Guy in red shirt standing on the grass
Dog is rolling on the carpet
Guy in white shirt running on athletic track
Black big dog is following other dogs
Guy is flipping in the air
Woman standing on the wooden parquet
Woman in black jacket standing near the tree
Orange ball is jumping on the court
Cat is running on the grass
Car is jumping from the sand springboard
Woman with curly hair is standing on the left
Cat is climbing on the cabinet
Small boy is running across the yellow line
white dog is eating an apple
Fluffy cat playing with the stick
Guy in the white shirt standing on the right
Guy in blue shirt with number one walking on the court
Black dog rolling on the carpet
Woman is walking with two dogs in the park
Bird is flying above the field
Guy in yellow hoodie is holding a height measurer
Pink racing car is running on the right
Blue ball is rolling on the floor
Ball with red topknot is jumping on the floor
Guy in sports suit is dribbling a ball
Green race car is driving from the pit 
Yellow ball is rolling on the grass
woman in orange shirt standing on the left
Guy is climbing the violet rock
Boy is shooting a ball from free throw line
Cat running in the spinning wheel
White car is jumping in the middle
Fully pink car is running in the middle of the track
Guy is eating a dry beetle
Wavy parrot is faking to be dead
man in gray jacket standing on the left
Black bird is rolling on snow
Baby is walking towards to mother 
Dog is running on snow
Orange ball is rolling on the road
Soldier standing in the left corner
White dog is running on the filed
The ball is passed to the guy in front of the net
Dog is eating a corn
Guy in straw hat standing near the ar
Guy on the left is eating 
Bird standing on the right
naked baby crawling on the bed
Woman is staple running on the athletic track
Baby in the diaper is walking in the room
Ball is laying on the grass
baby is climbing a leather couch
Orange ball is jumping on the grass
Girl is sitting on the floor
baby in white is climbing the stairs
Ball is passed through all the court
Black bird is searching food in the grass
White dog on the right is eating from the plate
Large guy is walking in the middle of the street
Bird is standing on the beach
baby in red pants is climbing the stairs
Ball is held by the man in the back
Guy in the blue shirt is shooting a ball
Yellow ball is laying on the left
Girl in the blue shirt is defending the goal
Green car is dancing in large mall room
Man in gray suit is running with the dog
Cat is jumping from one door to another
Bald guy is crawling on the black cover
White is rolling on the road
Guy in blue-green shirt running on the athletic track
White dog is pushing a yellow ball
White dog is running in the garden
Guy in black suit sitting in the right corner
White fuzzy dog is eating from large bowl
White car is driving on the race track
Sport car is drifting 
man in white shirt standing in the middle
Man in blue kimono is rolling on the tatami
Woman is crawling on the grass like spiderman
Burgundy car is jumping on the road
Man is crawling slowly outside of the house
Boy black jacket is passing the ball in the middle
White dog is jumping through pink flower circles
Guy in orange shirt sitting at the table
Guy in black shirt standing in the back 
Heron is eating a snake
Guy in white shirt standing on the right side
White car is jumping from the hill
Yellow formula car is leading a race
Boy is throwing a ball to the basket
Guy in white shirt is touching the back of the car
Orange parrot is rolling on the floor
Dog is crazily rolling its body
Brown dog  is rolling on the grass
Guy in safe jacket standing on the right side of the running track
Fuzzy dog is walking on the grass with a leash
Man with backpack is walking along the embankment
Instructor is standing behind the obstacle course
One small duck is following another small duck
Guy in black standing on the right
Brown dog rolling on the floor
fat cat is rolling on the floor
Woman is walking with two sticks
Dog is running in the garden
Guy in blue shirt is walking towards a three-point line
Little kitten is rolling on the floor
Guy in black shirt is passing a ball
Dog is gnawing a bone
Cat is chasing a laser mark
Woman in red standing near the net
Cat is walking on the treadmill
baby in cute costume is smiling
Little bird is eating seeds from the hand
Guy in white cap is eating at the table 
Guy in the black jacket standing in the right corner
The ball is dribbled by a girl
man is sitting on the floor
Guy in white shirt standing behind the car
The duck is fighting with two other ducks
The ball is flying to the basket
Red sport car is turning during the race
White seagull is walking on the beach
woman in orange shirt standing on the left
The orange ball is flying to the basket
Blue formula car is following yellow car of the leader
Person standing in white shirt standing in the right corner
Guy in all black is dribbling a ball
Small baby is walking outside of the house
The monster car is jumping from the dirt hill
Man in the black shorts standing near the net
Orange ball is flying to the basket
Orange ping pong ball is jumping
Man in all black suit running on the grass field
Man in black shirt standing between two cars
Man is throwing a bowling ball
Burgundy is slowly running on the road
Woman is bouldering
Man in white kimono and black bell is standing 
man in the yellow shirt is running first in the run
Man is touching a table
Bird with long neck walking in the water
Bird is jumping near the window
Red-yellow ball is rolling on the floor
White van is running ahead of the road
Guy in red shirt is standing in the gym
man in black suit is crawling in the corridor
The ball is rolling on the bowling pathway
Woman in bikini is walking along the beach
Black car is standing near yellow and gray cars
Woman is walking with the dogs in the forest
Woman is playing with the dog
baby is rolling on the cover
Fluffy cat is rolling on the floor
White car is jumping into the water
White goose is standing on the right
Man in the white kimono is fighting on the tatami
White parrot is sitting on the stick
Brown dog is jumping over the man
Man is throwing ball to the basket
Soldier on the right is crawling under barbed wire
Guy in all blue standing on the rock
Albatross is walking near the water
Woman is holding discs in her hand
Man on the right is sitting on the right
Hawk is eating a meat from the hand
White dog is running on the beach
Small blue bird is climbing a basket
Black car is falling down from the hill
Cat is jumping to the wardrobe
White poodle is sitting between two poodles on the left
Colorful parrot is climbing the tree
White dog is running in spinning wheel
White dog is walking near the water
Cat is rolling on the floor
Woman is walking with her dog in the room
Guy standing near big pick up truck
Car standing at the bottom of the hill
Green bird is jumping on the wooden beam
Cat is running inside tight space
Half naked man climbing the rock
Kitten is climbing the man
Red air ball is jumping in the room
Girl is crawling towards the camera
Guy in white jersey running in the middle of the track
Gray bird jumping on the left
Man in blue shirt looking at his smartphone
Bird flying near trees
Guy in red jacket is jumping around another guy
Man in black suit is walking with the dog
Black ball is held by a man
Baby is climbing a chair
Black dog is rolling on the floor
Cat is climbing the door
man is running on the athletic track
Girl in pink-red dress is chasing birds on the beach
White dog walking on the left
White cat is walking on the rocks
Bird is climbing the staris
Guy in yellow shirt standing near the hurdles
man in blue shirt is crawling on the green floor
baby is crawling on the floor
Black cat is chasing a white cat in the garden
Boy is jumping on the track
Baby is crawling on the floor
Woman in green suit is waiting for a change
Little duck is following a mother duck
Black dog is eating from large bowl
Ball is flying across the field
baby is crawling the stairs
Mother duck is leading the group of baby ducks
Bird is flying above the beach
Gray car is jumping on the grass
Orange cat is eating from plastic pack
Ball is dribbled across the cones
Soldier is crawling in the front of the camera
White-blue ball is laying on the left
Parrot is playing with carton tube
Blue bird is eating seeds from the ground
Bird is eating from the feeder
Fuzzy dog is eating from the bowl
gray car standing on top of the hill
Cat is jumping from the violet platform
Blue bird is sitting on the knees
Kitten is climbing the pants
baby is crawling the stairs
White is eating a mouse from the floor
baby is crawling on the green cover
Parrot is climbing the window
Man in pink shirt standing in the back
Kitten is climbing the man
Parrot is jumping down the stairs
Orange car is jumping on the streets
Boy in white shirt standing in the right corner
Man is dribbling a ball on the basketball court
man in gray suit standing near the running track
Woman is crawling on the beach
man is throwing ball to the basket
Bird is flying in the sky
Man in black sport suit is jumping into the sand
Dog is jumping in to the swimming pool
Black small car standing in the back
Woman standing near sand
White in shirt is walking in the airport terminal
Blue parrot is standing on top of the cage
Man is throwing a ball on the basketball court
man in gray sweater is walking on the wooden platform
Man is walking with the dog
woman with orange bag standing near the car
gray dog is walking near the garage
Black cat is running on the green grass
Woman in read shirt walking near hte building
Guy in white shirt is standing in front of the camera
Girl in black shirt and pink pants is jumping with other kids
Girl in white shirt is dribbling ball on the left
Cat is eating on the table
Red car is running on the green grass
White bird with long neck is standing in the water
baby is walking in the corridor
Green bird is eating a breakfast
Little baby duck is following a mother duck
Guy sitting on the rocks on the left
White car is jumping in the middle
Ball is flying to the basket
Brown dog is running for the ball
Raven is walking on the road near the duck
Guy in white shirt is running on the track
Black is climbing the stairs
Cat is rolling on the floor
Dog is walking near the lake
a black duck is crossing the road
a white car is rolling over the ground
a green car is rolling down from top of a hill
a brown dog running 
a black and white cat jumping over his owner
a man giving an apple to his dog
a man with red shirt is jumping in a competition
a white dog is walking away from camera
a man with red bag is walking
a baby is rolling in the bed
a man with black shirt is helping baby to roll
a small yellow ball in the middle
an orange ball on the left
a bird is eating food
a brown car is jumping up and down in the street
a black car is flying 
a woman with blue skirt standing 
a red car is rotating over itself
a man with yellow and green jersey is running in the middle
a black cat is following a stick
a black and brown dog is sitting on the floor
an orange and white blob is sliding on the right side
a bird is walking
a person with black shirt is playing with a cat
a car is flying 
a  man with white shirt on the right is watching a game
a boy is biking 
a cat is climbing from a window
a ball is sliding on the floor
a person is sitting on the right side
a person on the bottom right is watching
a man is crawling on top left
a yellow ball is jumping top and down
a park is parked on the left
a man with white shirt is playing basketball
a red ball is flying
a man is jumping
a white car is rolling over the ground
a baby is rolling on the floor
a pink baby is climbing the stairs
a man is moving a stick
a man with black shirt is rolling on a green mattress
a brown dog standing on the middle
a white bird standing on the left
a red car rolling
a man with white shirt is playing basketball
a basketball ball is flying
a soldier is crawling and then running
a dog is eating on the right
a white dog is running in a green field
a basketball ball is flying
a girl on the right is eating a corn
a white dog is rolling
a brown cat is rolling
a baby with blue shirt is walking
a dog is rolling and playing
a cat is running and climbing from a wall
a cat is rolling on the ground
a small ball on the left
a man with yellow shirt on the left is walking
a baby is climbing a fridge
a man is walking back
a cat is eating
a man with red shirt is throwing a ball
a boy on the left with violet shirt
a man with green shirt on the left is standing
a white cat is running toward the camera
a dark gray cat is climbing the wall
a baby is crawling
a green bird is climbing the cage
a baby is crawling inside a green tunnel
a car is turning left
a black and white cat is jumping and playing
a person on the right is jumping
a brown cat is jumping
a cat is eating food
a baby is crawling
a man is jumping
a man is running in the forest
a big blob is rolling down from a hill
a kid is climbing a carriage
a dog is crawling on the right
a dog is running and jumping
a white dog is eating food
a baby is walking
a man with dark short pant is standing on the right side
a dog is jumping 
a black and white cat is running
a black cat is walking
a bird is eating something
an adult is crawling
a cat is jumping on the right
a person on the left is throwing a ball
a man with white shirt is crawling on the left
a boy with blue shirt is walking on the left
a red basketball ball is jumping up and down
a white car is parked
a girl with red shirt is running on the left
a blue ball is rolling 
a brown car is jumping up and down
a green parrot is climbing up a branch
a black bird is walking
a kid with blue shirt starts to walk
a man with white shirt on the back left
a man in the middle throwing a ball
a bird in front is passing by a street
a person with white shirt is throwing a ball
a car is jumping up and down
a green car is jumping up and down
a yellow car in the middle is turning left
a black car is jumping up and down
a person is sitting in the middle of a grass field
a car is climbing up a shelf
a man with red shirt is walking
an orange ball in hands of a white man
a black dog on the bottom is running
a man with red shirt is running toward camera
a ball is rolling in a bowling field
a black man is rolling
a completely black man is walking
a bird second from the left is walking
a ball is flying
a white dog is eating food
a car in the middle is moving
a dog is eating food from a bowl
a red car is jumping up and down
a man with black jacket in the middle is watching the car
a kid with white shirt is throwing a ball
a person with black pant is walking in a treadmill
a man with white shirt and red hat is walking
a brown cat is rolling on the floor
a man with white shirt on the left is felling down
a woman is walking
a man with white shirt on the left is felling down
a baby is climbing up a baby carriage
a black dog is climbing up a stone
a baby with colorful shirt is climbing up 
a green ball on the right 
a brown and white dog is crawling on the floor
a man with black shirt and hat is eating food
a dog is running
a black man on the right is rolling over another man
a man with white shirt on the right is crawling
a cat is following a green toy
a girl with black shirt on the left is walking
a man with yellow shirt is eating
a man with red had is climbing a mountain
a black dog is jumping
a black car in the middle is moving
a red car on the left is moving
a soldier is crawling
a red ball is flying
a black man is standing
a car black and white cat is rolling on the floor
a man with black shirt is jumping
a babyon the bottom is lying in the bed
a colorful parrot is rolling in the ground
a yellow car is moving in front of other cars
a man is jumping
a ball is jumping up and down
a man with orange shirt is sitting in the middle
a man with brown pant is sitting on the left
a person is walking back
a man is eating food
a dog is sitting on the left
a blue and white blob is rolling down a hill on the left
a cat is climbing up a ladder
a car is rolling
a baby is walking on the right
a man is climbing up
a baby with white shirt is climbing up stairs
an orange ball on the right is jumping up and down
a girl with white shirt on the right is walking
a man with black shirt and pant is walking
a man with blow shirt is playing basketball
a white car in the middle
a man with white shirt is sitting and throwing a ball
a man with white shirt is walking
a white car is jumping up and down
a car on the back is moving
a boy with yellow cover is running
a boy with blue shirt on top
a man with black jacket on the left
a dog is jumping 
a yellow parrot is standing on the floor
a girl with white shirt is playing with a dog
a cat on the right is walking
a cat is rolling on the ground
a baby is rolling on a blanket
a red and black ball is moving on the ground
a  man with yellow shirt is standing
an orange ball is flying
a man on the bottom is running
a woman with red dress is running
a cat is climbing up a green wall
a person is throwing a bowling ball
a car is rolling down a hill
a person is eating a sandwich
a baby with green shirt in the middle is standing
a white car is moving toward the camera
a man with white jersey in the middle is throwing a ball
a blue car is flying on the air
a black man in front is rolling
a girl on the right is walking
a cat is jumping from left to right
a person is jumping over s stick
a man with black shirt in the middle is crawling
a person with blue jacket on the left is throwing something
a man with red shirt is walking
a red ball is sitting on the right
a car is moving on the left side
a black and white dog is jumping
a white dog is crawling
a baby in front is walking
a black dog is following another dog
a black bird is flying
a green ball is flying on the air
a man with black shirt on the left is watching
a red ball is sitting in the middle
a baby is crawling
a black cat is walking and jumping on the right
s man with white shirt is watching a person
a dog is walking
a baby is rolling in his bed
a red ball is sitting on the left
second from the left man is running
man in green pants walking behind the baby
a black car is parked
a black and white dog is eating food
a white dog is sitting in the middle of a person feet
a cat is walking
a car is jumping up and down
a cat is eating food
forth duck from left is walking
a man is jumping
a brown dog is walking
the first bird from right is walking
a white ball is rolling on top
a man is walking on the left
a baby is rolling in his bed
a man with pink shirt is jumping
a girl is eating a sandwich
a boy with black shirt and black pant is walking on the right
a bird is jumping up and down
a white dog is eating food
a yellow and blue car is moving
a boy is crawling
a man with blue shirt is walking behide
a baby in white shirt is crawling
a red ball is rolling onta bowling floor
a white and black dog on the left is roling
a basketball player with with jersey near the camera is playing basketball
a man is sitting and pointing to a place
a man with white shirt is walking from left to right
a dog is crawling
a white car is jumping up and down
a red ball in hands of the left person
a man is throwing a ball
a bird is eating food
a dog is rolling in a grass field
a person is walking fast
a man with white shirt is watching a competition 
a woman with pink shirt is taking care of a child
a gray parrot is playing in the cage
a white dog is rolling 
a man with white shirt is walking and sitting and watching a car
a woman is walking on the left
a duck in the middle is eating food
a black cat is climbing a column
a baby is climbing a seat
a cat is jumping to catch a toy
a black woman on the right is walking
 a man standing on the left
a man with suits on the middle
a dog is rolling on the air
a car is parked on the most right
a green parrot is rolling 
a baby is standing on the right
a cat is jumping
a green parrot is rolling on the carpet
a car is rotating from left to right
a man with white shirt is throwing a ball
a dog is walking
a baby is climbing up a seat
a ball is flying on the air
a man with black pant on the bottom is watching the race
a bird is running in the grass
a bird is flying
a man with white shirt is standing under the net
a person with red jersey is running in the middle
a person is sitting and recording a video on the bottom
a blue ball is sitting on the right
a man is jumping up and down
a cat is jumping into a box
a black cat is eating food
a woman with black dress is walking on the right
a big blue ball on the middle
a blue car is moving in the second rank
a black and white ball is jumping up and down
a cat is running
a bird is sitting on the right
a black cat is eating food on the left
a blue car is racing on the second rank
a bird is walking in the front
a white cat is eating food
a boy with blue jersey is shooting a ball
a blue ball is rolling on a bowling floor
a white cat is walking around
a man with blue shirt is climbing a wall
a white dog is running
a man is climbing a rock
a man in white shirt on left is standing and watching
a white car is flying on the air
a man in white tshirt is running
a man in white jacket is walking in the behind
a man in blue shirt is walking backward
a yellow parrot is going up the stairs
a brownish cat is walking on a shelf
a bird is flying
a man is throwing a ball
a person standing on the left
a girl sitting in a bed and throwing a ball
a duck on the back is watching around
a man is rolling in the grass
a man is climbing a rock
the top man is running
a person is riding a motorcycle
a white dog is eating food
a black and white is rolling on a carpet
a man is jumping and climbing a wall
a person is running 
a baby is climbing up a ladder
a girl is watching a performance on the right
a gray car is parked on the right
a white car is jumping a ramp
a player in the bottom with white jersey in running toward basket
a baby is climbing up a baby seat
a big brown ball is rolling in the street
a person is standing and playing with a ball
a blue car in the middle is moving
a cat is going down from a curtain
cat in the middle is eating food
man in black jersey is jumping
second from left girl is standing
a bird is jumping
a girl in white shirt is watching the car
a man in suit is walking toward the camera
a black dog is rolling
a man in black shirt in the behind
a dog is rolling himself in the snow
a dog is crawling
a black and white cat is jumping
a dog is eating a carrot
a dog is running
a brown cat is running
a dog is eating food
a car is rolling 
a dog is eating and rolling
a man in black shirt is defending and jumping
a white cat is jumping
a green bird is eating
a blue car is moving
a man is standing and watching on the behind
a parrot is playing
a man is walking backward
a cat is jumping 
a dark cat is jumping
a man with red had is sitting on behind
a man is standing and watching in the middle
a cat is running in the snow
a person is jumpnig
a white cat is siiting in the behind
a bird is playing with a ladder
a bird is flying on the back
a dog is running
a black car is moving on the left
a girl with pink shirt is sitting on the left
a baby in red cloth is crawling in the middle
a man in blue shirt is throwing a ball
a man in white shirt and black hat is walking and watching
a man is eating food
a black dog is running
a black cat is jumping over the wall
a dog is eating
a car is jumping up and down
a white cat is walking around
a green parrot is rolling on the table
a brown yellowish cat is eating food
a green parrot is rolling over a stick
a woman is crawling
a white dog is rolling on the floor
a yellow bird is running
a cat is walking
a baby is climbing up stairs
a man is black cloth is walking on the behind
a red ball is flying on the air
a red car is moving
an orange ball is jumping up and down
a blue bird is walking in the grass
a baby is crawling in her bed
a small duck is walking in the middle
a bird is playing in the cage
a white player is running
a man in pink shirt is walking
a white cat is rolling on the ground
a black dog is eating food
a woman in red jersey is running
a soldier is standing
a green car is moving on the right
a man in with shirt on the left
a basketball player is walking
a white bird is standing in the middle
a cat is rolling on the floor
a top naked man is watching on the left
a dog is jumping to catch a frisbee
a man is sitting on the left
a man in blue shirt on the bottom is watching the race
a dog is walking
a man is eating food on the right
a cat is jumping
a brown cat is climbing a wall
a black cat is playing with a ball
a baby is rolling
a man on the left is jumping and throwing a ball
a cat is climbing up a ladder
a white car is parked on the right
a brown cat is running
a player in yellow cover in behind is walking
a man with white shirt and hat in sitting on the bottom
a colorful parrot is climbing up a tree
a cat is rolling on the ground
a boy on the right is walking and playing with a ball
a man under the net is watching the ball
a man is climbing up a wall
a cat is jumping and playing with a toy
a man in blue shirt on the right is watching
a top naked woman is walking away from the camera
the black cat on the right is rolling on the floor
a woman is sitting on the right
a car is rolling and jumping
a man in blue shirt is entering the field and picking up something
a cat is eating food
a cat is eating food
a black dog is jumping over s swing
a red car is moving
a black man on the bottom is standing on the street
an orange ball is flying on the air
a car is parked on the left
a cat is running
a green and yellow parrot is walking and jumping
a black dog on the right side is walking
a big black dog in the middle is walking
a man in white shirt on the behind is walking
a man on the left side of a car
a boy in orange shirt is playing with a ball
a girl on the right is walking
a baby is walking
a man is standing on the right and watching the game
a woman is walking 
a man in red tshirt is sitting 
a girl with red hat is sitting on the grass
a man in black pant is walking on the left
a cat is rolling on the ground
a person is jumping
a blue car is jumping up and down
a white cat is running
a man on the left is watching his phone
a baby is crawling
a boy in red cover is giving a pass
a man with green shirt is sitting on the right
a person is crawling 
a small sparrow on the middle is eating food
a white dog is walking away from camera
a red car is parked
a yellow dog is standing on the grass field
a man with blue tshirt is taking care of the baby
a black cat is walking inside a wheel
a man in white shirt and a white hat in the middle of behind
an orang car is parked
a car is jumping
a person in white tshirt is watching on the left
a baby is climbing up a seat
a black car is flying toward the net
a man with red shirt is standing near the car
a bird is rolling on the floor
a man in green tshirt is giving a pass
a girl in white shirt is sitting on the left
a car is running and jumping on the wall
a man in dark jacket is playing with dog
a man is rolling down a hill
a girl on the right is jumping
a baby is rolling on the floor
a man is eating a sandwich
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a person in black clothes is running
a woman in green shirt on the right is walking
a man is walking
a boy in white tshirt is throwing a ball
a car is flying on the air
a man is jumping and rolling
a top naked man is rolling
a cat is running in the snow
the fourth car in the ranking is moving
a man on the right is eating pizza
the third duck from the left is walking
a sparrow on the right is walking
a baby in pink cloth is climbing up a fence
a girl on the left in dark tshirt is standing
a girl in black jacket in walking in the middle
a green parrot is eating food
a black cat on top is standing
a man in white shirt is rolling and jumping
a man in dark shirt is walking
an orange ball is jumping up and down
an orange ball is jumping up and down
a green bird is jumping over a stick
a red ball is movingfrom left to right
a man is walking
a cat is walking
a car is jumping over a ramp and rolling
a yellowish bird is rolling on the floor
a boy in blue shirt on the left
a red ball is flying
a red car is rolling
a woman in black dress in walking
a boy in white shirt is throwing a ball to the basket
a woman in green tshirt is sitting on the right
a big white dog is walking 
a black cat is running in the snow
a man with green shirt is watching the car in the behind
a man is sitting in the middle behind
the cat on the left is eating
a man in blue shirt on the left is walking
a white bird on the right is eating
a man is walking in the middle of stage
a baby is crawling
a parrot is climbing up a chandelier
a girl is walking
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a black dog is walking on the left\
a white dog on the left is eating
a baby in dark shirt is climbing up his bed
a car is jumping up and down
a bird on the left is flying
a man is walking away the camera on the middle of the stage
a man is eating food
a baby duck is walking in the middle
a woman on the right is walking
a car is flying on the air
a dog is crawling
a man is running on the first rank
a girl in white shirt is standing on the right
a cat is eating food
a violet car is parked on the middle
a baby is sitting in a mattress
a white dog is walking
a man is eating a sandwich
 dog is sitting on the right
a pink car in the first rank
a balck small dog on the right is walking
a cat is walking
a man in dark shirt on the right side is watching the car
a bird is going down the stairs
a cat is waliking
a soldier is crawling
a white dog is crawling
a white car is moving on the thirs rank
a cat is eating food
a big gray car in the behind
an orange ball is flying
 a white dog is sitting on the sofa
a red ball is moving on a stick
a pink ball is jumping up and down
a bird is walking
a white car is racing
a baby is crawling
a man is rolling
a yellow ball is jumping top and down
 girl is pink shirt is running
a baby is playing with a ball
a dark ball is flying on the air
the second man from the left is walking and marching
a dark ball is flying on the air
a dark ball is rolling over a bowling floor
a man is climbing the wall
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a cat is jumping over a door
a white man on the left is rolling on the air
an eagle is flying
a girl in white shirt is sitting
a person in red shirt is standing
a man is flying on the air
a white car is jumping up and down
a man standup and watch the car in front of the camera
a man sitting on the stairs and taking care of the baby
a back car with a camper behind it is parked
a man is playing with the ball
a blue tractor on the right is pushing the car
a car is parked on the behind
a cat is eating
a dog with yellow cover is running
a man is rolling on the floor
a bird on the left is eating food
a white ball is moving
a dog is watching the camera
a white ball is moving around players
a baby bird is sitting on the left side
a baby is crawling in her bed
a man with white shirt and dark pant is standing in the behind
a white parrot is climbing up a rope
the second man from the right is standing
a person in green shirt is walking
a man is eating a sandwich
a dog is eating food
a blue and yellow ball is moving up and down
a black cat is climbing up the stairs
a car is flying on the air
a green bird is jumping
a car is jumping up and down
a boy in red shirt is watching the birds
a woman in violet dress is walking
a cat is jumping up from a sofa
a black cat is walking in the snow
a baby is walking
a bird is climbing up the stairs
a man is climbing up from a wall
a black and dog on the left is crawling
a man with white shirt is standing near the car
a big red ball is moving
a white cat is moving down a window
a man in black clothes is standing on the right
a baby is rolling in his bed
the most left man with white shirt is watching the scene
the fourth man from the right in yellow shirt is running
a dark dog is crawling
a man in climbing up a wall
a black car is moving
a man with suits on the back
a baby is crawling
a baby is crawling
a person with white cloth standing on the left
a baby is climbing up the stairs
a black dog is running between the girls feet
a baby is rolling on the floor
a man is climbing up a wall
a yellow car is jumping up an down
a man on the right is walking back
a boy is throwing a ball to the basket
a dog is running
a man in dark jersey on the middle is running
a yellow baby is climbing up a stair
a bird in the middle is eating food
a bird is flying
a man is rolling on the floor
 a black dog is eating an apple
a white parrot is walking and jumping
a big dark dog on top is walking
the most right person is running
a man is walking in the middle
a black car on the right is passing 
a white duck in the middle is eating food
a boy in blue shirt is sitting
a white car on the middle is parked
a woman in blue jeans and black shirt is walking on the left
a baby is walking
a white car is parked on the right side
a baby is rolling
a small car walking
a car is moving in fourth rank
a small black dog on top near a white dog is walking
a baby is climbing up a seat
 woman in black dress is running
a green parrot is rolling 
a black car on the middle behind
a bird is sitting on the table
a white ball is jumping up and down
a brown cat is going up the ladder
second person from the bottom is lying on the grass
a black cat is jumping over a ball
a man is rolling on the mud on top
a man standing under the net
a man in blue jersey is playing with a ball
the dog on the left is eating
a bird is eating another bird
a baby is rolling in his bed
a brown dog is walking
a blue car is jumping up and down
 man on the left side is eating food
a dog is walking
a bird is flying
a man in black shirt is throwing a ball
a white dog is running
a man is crawling
a dog is rolling in a grass field
a dog is crawling
a dog is eating
a top naked man on left side is running
a boy in red shirt is throwing ball to the basket
a white dog is rolling himself in the snow
a car is jumping over a ramp
a cat is eating a slice of chips
a man in violet shirt is walking
a red car is parked in the back
a bird is climbing up the fence
a man is eating on the right side
a cat is climbing up the ladder
a person is jumping up and down
a car is moving toward camera and jumping
a man is rolling on the floor
a person in pink shirt on the middle back
a car is jumping up and down
 dog is running
a white car is flying
a ball is flying toward basket
a man sitting on the right side
a man eating a big sandwich
a black dog is crawling
a dog is crawling
a ball is flying toward the basket
a man with white jersey is running
a silver ball is jumping up and down
a man is sitting and playing with the dog
a man is walking
a white bird is standing on top of a stick
a small white bird is standing on the floor
a man is sitting on the left
a baby in green shirt is walking
a brown bird on the left is eating food
a bird is flying
a man in yellow shirt is standing on the left side
a man in the middle with brown shirt is standing
a man with red short pant is throwing a ball
a man is standing on the right side
a man in the middle is standing 
a baby is standing on the road
a red ball is jumping up and down
a baby on the left is crying
the second from the left man is sitting in a black shirt
a cat is running in a wheel
a black car is jumping up and down
a green ball is sitting on the back
a man in black is watching
a baby in yellow shirt is jumping up and down
a colorful ball is jumping up and down
a bird is flying
a bird is flying
a man in black is standing on the right
a woman in black is standing
a boy on the left with red hat is eating a sandwich
a woman on the right is running
a baby in green is rolling on the floor
a parrot is rolling on the floor
a man in white shirt is throwing a ball
a small duck is walking behind the others
a cat is eating food
a man in dark on the left is standing
a person in white shirt is walking
a man is standing on the platform
a man on the right is eating food
a dog is running in the grass
a blue car is parked
a man is walking back
a dog is crawling
a man in red tshirt is sitting n the right
a red ball is flying on the air
 car is rolling on the air
a baby is crawling
a cat is jumping on top of a closet
a cat is eating something
a cat is running 
a cat is eating something
second from left orange ball is standing on a man's hands
the last person is lying in the grass
first man from left on the bottom is sitting
a dog is running
a gray and orange bird is sitting in a branch
a red car is rolling and flying on the air
a sitted baby is taking and giving a green ball
a brown cat is eating food
a man in black on the right is running
a woman in green shirt is standing and talking with her phone
a black dog is running
a parrot is climbing up a ladder and then jump on top of a stick
a red player on the bottom is running
first green parrot from the right is eating food
a man in black on the left is standing
a baby cat is climbing up of a wheel
a man standing on the back
a cat is walking
a person with only visible head on the bottom is watching the performance
a baby in white shirt start walking
a boy in white shirt is walking and then felling down
a girl on the left is holding a black ball
a blue car is racing 
a man with light blue shirt is walking away the camera
a bird is flying
baby on the right is crawling
a bird is jumping from one stick to another
a red ball is moving in a bowling floor
a white car on the second rank is moving
a cat is walking
a dog on top is walking
the second cat is running and jumping to the water
a man is throwing a ball
a man in blue hoodie is rotating a wheel
a baby is walking
a man in white pant is walking
a baby in green is sitting in the middle of mattress
second from top person in black is running 
a baby is rolling on the floor
the third man from the top is running
a cat is going down a tree
a dog is eating food
a small car in the back is parked
a black bird is flying
a woman on the right in black is standing
a dog is jumping from a set of barriers
a silver car is parked on the left
a car in gray is jumping up and down and then getting fire
a man is walking away from the camera
a white cat is following a dog
a man in black shirt in the middle is standing
the second man in red is standing on the back
the second boy in the queue is standing
a boy in blue jersey on the very back is running
a dog is climbing up the stairs
the right red man is watching
a white bird is jumping up and down
a man with a hat in the middle is walking
a cat is running away from the camera
a white cat is walking
a gray car is jumping up and down
a dog is standing on the right
a man in red shirt is sitting
a man in black is sitting on the right
a red ball is sitting on the right side
a man is rolling on the floor
 black cat is walking around
a man is eating a sandwich
a dog is rolling on the floor
a man in red tshirt is crawling
a car is jumping from a ramp
the brown cat on the left is eating
a bird is eating food and walking
a man with blue jacket is standing on the bottom
a cat is jumping up a wall
a person in white jersey is jumping up
a yellow bird on the right is climbing up a tree
a black bird is eating food
the first black car is moving
a black and red car is parked on the left
a man in white shirt is walking on the left
a dog is running
a woman in black shirt is sitting on the floor
the middle bird is flying
a person in blue shirt is running
a woman in black on the left is rubbing something to a man
a bird is flying
a man in black is standing on back of the car
a man is rolling down a hill
a cat is eating food
a black and white ball is flying
a girl is eating an ice cream
a soldier on the back is sitting and crawling
a man on the right with blue jeans is standing
a boy is throwing a ball to the basket
 blue ball is moving on a bowling floor
a cat is walking inside a rotating wheel
an orange car is jumping up and down
the blue man on the right bottom is standing
a bird is climbing up a rope
a man in blue is rotating on the air
a white car in the back is parked
the second from the right man in black is sitting
a dog is jumping up to catch a frisbee
a bird is walking
a green bird is jumping up and down
a bird on the right is eating
a white ball is sitting on the right
a man in white shirt in the middle is watching the performance
a dog is rolling in a grass field
 cat is climbing up a slide
a ball is flying toward the basket
a black dog is eating food
 a woman in black and red bag is walking
a person is jumping
the second man from the right in white shirt is standing
a man in the middle is walking
a man in white shirt is standing 
a red bird on the left is sitting on top of a wall
hand of a man is moving
a green parrot is rolling on the carpet
a person in black is walking
a man in black is standing on the left and helping a girl
last car is moving
a bird is flying
a dog is crawling
a man in blue tshirt on the right is standing
a man is sitting close to the camera and playing with a green ball
a man is jumping and running
a man is crawling 
a person in blue jean and black jacket is running
a white ball is moving around players
he first person from bottom in green jersey is running
a bird on top is flying
a black dog is walking
a dark dog is running
a white bird on the left is jumping up and down
a bird in the bottom is flying
a black car is jumping over a ramp and flying on the air
a man in black and white hat is walking
a woman in white shirt is walking on the left
a man with uniform is walking on the left apart from the group
a white car is parked on top
a bird on the left is jumping to another branch
an orange ball is flying toward the basket
the light cat on the left is eating
a white dog on the left is playing
a man in white shirt is sitting in the middle and watching
a baby is crawling using a doom like tool
a woman in pink is sitting
a white car is moving
a dog is jumping to catch a ball
a bird in the middle is eating food
a man in rolling
a man with black tshirt and a bag is standing on the right side
a cat is running and jumping
a cat is rolling
a man with red shirt and white pant is standing
a white dog is walking and playing
a man is climbing up a tree
a man in dark is walking on the right
a brown small cat is running
a soldier is crawling
a man in yellow shirt and blue jean is standing on the back
a cat is eating food
a man is jumping up and down
the second from the right bird is walking
a bird in front is flying
the baby in the left is crawling
the white man on the left is rolling on the air
a man in red is walking on the bottom
a car is rolling
the left bird is rolling
a brown dog is walking
a brown dog is crawling
a bird is rolling
a baby is crawling
a man in black is crawling in the mud in the middle
a car is rolling
a brown dog is walking
a black car is jumping up and down
a dark brown dog is crawling
the forth from right man is sitting 
a light brown dog is rolling on the floor
a cat is climbing up
a dark cat is eating food
a person in blue is sitting on the right
the third man from bottom in yellow is running
a dog is running
a green car is jumping up and down
a white bird is rolling 
a brown cat is rolling
a man in dark is standing near the camera
a man in pink shirt is eating oranges
a green bird is playing with a  ball
the pigeon on the right is walking
the first man is standing near a tire
the baby is rolling
a car is flying on the air
 pink car on the most left is moving
a cat is jumping
a woman is running and jumping
a bird is climbing up
a car is rolling
a car is rolling
 green parrot is rolling
a blue ball is sitting on the back right
a small cat is rolling on the left
a bird in the middle is standing
a man is crawling
a cat is rolling on the ground
a man in blue is throwing a ball
a cat is rolling on the ground
a man in white shit on the bottom is standing
a car is moving in the middle
a white and brown cat is walking
a black dog is running
a white cat is eating a corn
a brown dog is sitting
a colorful parrot is rolling
a white dog is running
a cat is climbing up the ladder
a woman on the left is sitting
a white man is crawling in the mud
a cat is climbing up a ladder
a cat is climbing up a ladder
a cat is going jumping to another branch
a man is running
a dog on top left is eating food
red car jumping
basketball jumping up and down
dog crawling on the carpet
brown dog running in the back
man playing with the dog on the floor
soldier crawling forward
man in black standing in the font left
car flipping over the ground
blue ball on the left
black cat jumping up and down
man in blue shirt walking with dogs on the right
white dog standing in the back
woman walking with a dog
baby boy bouncing a basketball
man in a hat cheering on the left
man in green crawling on the grass
man in black climbing
man in yellow eating something
red car running in the back
man in green shorts running 
man in black eating burgers
dog crawling on the street
man in white shirt sitting on the running track
car jumping in the sand
man crouching on the left
a bouncing basketball
baby in pink walking
duck walking in the middle
man jumping on the trampoline
bowling ball rolling on the track
owl flying over the meadow 
blue racing car running on the track
black dog eating burger
car bouncing up and down
seagull walking on the sand beach
racing car running 
baby in blue top climbing the stairs
yellow racing car running in the front
man running on the left
woman walking on the left
bird walking on the stones
man in yellow top standing in the back
green bird jumping up and down
man in white shirt running
man in black running in the middle
toy ball rolling on the ground
brown dog walking with a man
man in white shirt playing basketball on the right
man in blue shirt shooting the basketball on the right
dog eating carrots 
car flipping over the ground
football running with a dog
basketball flying into the basket
man eating corn on the right
red ball standing beside the man's feet
parrot jumping up and down on the bed
black racing car running on the track
woman standing on the right
woman standing on the left
man in white standing between a man in black and a man in white
white parrot climbing on the curtains
man in red top and blue pants walking in the front
baby rolling on the ground
black horse running first
cat standing in the middle
man in purple standing in the middle
man in white eating burgers
seagulls flying in the sky
green car running on the street
man in black bouncing a basketball
bird climbing the rope
man in red top walking on the left
man in yellow climbing on the right
bowli
brown dog walking with a man
cat rolling on the ground
bay in pink walking
man in yellow top walking past the bleachers
black and white dog rolling on the meadow
man in gray top and black pants walking
woman running second
baby walking in the room
cat jumping down to the couch
girl eating noodles
gray bird climbing
cat running in the room
man crawling on the right
man in white top and black shorts standing
white dog rolling on the bed
man climbing the rocks
red car flipping over 
man in black walking cross the running track
racing car running second
baby crawling on the ground
brown dog running on the grass
man playing with a cat
man in black eating on the left
silver car parking on the right
black cat climbing the curtains
blue car running on the street
man in green walking with a baby
man in black crawling in the middle
dog walking with a woman
black cat running on the grass
blue car flying over the street
man tumbling on mats
dog rolling on the grass
black and red car flipping over on the lawn
man in green standing in the back
cat eating
baby climbing over the bed
white bird jumping over the ring
brown cat eating
man in white shirt shooting a basketball on the left
man in black jumping up and down
cat jumping onto the table
girl in white top bouncing a ball on the right
white dog eating
black dog rolling on the snow
baby in blue top climbing onto the couch
man in black jumping over the bike
white parrot jumping in front of the screen
gray dog walking on the right
black dog jumping into the water
dog walking in the room
man in white top and black shorts standing
woman in white top and black pants standing on the left
bird jumping in the cage
man in gray walking cross the running tracking
man tumbling on the grass
racing car running on the left
brown dog crawling on the ground
man standing in the back
man in black pants standing
brown and white dog eating
man in blue shirt jump into the sand pit
parrot climbing the curtains
bird jumping on the bed
white racing car running third on the track
baby crawling on the 
cat walking towards the man
man in white running to the car
woman running with a dog on the left
dog standing on the right
boy running with a football on the right
man in black standing on the right
man in black top crawling
baby walking in the room
basketball bouncing up towards the man
black bird flying low over the water
car jumping up and down
green and yellow parrot rolling on the bed
cat climbing on the human leg
man in black climbing the wall on the right
red ball rolling
small white dog walking on the right
man in black top walking on the right
man in striped shirt standing up
bird running on the grass
girl in white bouncing up and down with a red ball
brown dog standing up
bird flying in the sky
red racing car running in the snow
human standing
black cat standing
man in green top walking to the bird
man in white walking beside a black car
dog walking with a woman on left
white dog eating
racing car running on the track
man running with a black dog
man in black standing on the left
brown cat eating fishes
baby girl walking in the room
baby walking in the room
bird flying over the beach
topless man crawling in the front
black cat climbing the wall
man in white shirt running towards the sand pit
man playing bowling
baby crawling on the left
topless man crawling on the left
woman in blue shirt walking with a dog
black racing car running on the track
cat eating watermelon on the table
man in blue top and red shorts standing in the middle
cat walking in the snow
woman in dark top walking on the right
black and white cat jumping to the toy
basketball flying into the basket
duck
man with white hat standing by the road
basketball on the right flying into the net
racing car running second
dog walking with a woman on the grass
brown and white dog walking around
woman in red and white dress walking with an umbrella
woman in gray top running with a dog on the right
woman walking with a dog
gray dog walking with a woman on the left
man jumping over the balcony
baby walking with a woman
baby rolling on the floor
man in yellow shirt crouching next to a dog
brown dog crawling on the floor
man shooting a basketball
dog laying down and rolling over
man in yellow vest eating burgers
duck walking in the middle
brown cat laying down on the right
white dog laying down on the left
white dog crawling on the floor
baby crawling to the toy car
cat walking by the window
blue car flying over the road
woman in pink top bouncing a ball on the left
man in black rolling on the floor 
yellow cat running in the snow
player juggling a football
dog eating on the left
player in blue shirt kicking a football on the left
cat climbing down the tree
cat running by the roadside
black bird pecking the tree trunk
black and white dog crawling on the carpet
man in blue shirt and black shorts running on the farmost track
black cat running with a woman
baby in pink climbing the stairs
cat rolling on the couch
woman in black pants running with a cat
second baby dog on the left eating
boy in blue shirt passing a football in the far left
baby in gray top crawling on the left
pink ball next to the chair
baby in yellow top crawling on the floor
black dog running on the grass
red car running on the road
black dog running with a man
man on the right passing a basketball to the man in black
dog jumping into the water
bird walking in the middle
man feeding a dog
yellow cat eating watermelon
silver car parking on the far right
yellow cat walking in the room
baby crawling in a green tube
baby walking with a man
dog rolling on the grass
man climbing the rocks
purple car rolling over the lawn
man in black walking on the track
black and white car running in wheel
man in red top kicking the football
baby rolling on the floor
white bird walking next to a cat
man climbing the rocks
parrot jumping on the table
black dog walking on the grass
man in black shirt siting on the right most
man in black eating noodles
yellow ball rolling with a brown dog
blue truck parking on the right
baby rolling on the mat
dog running behind
black dog walking on the sideway
yellow cat climbing the leg of the woman
black cat eating corn
cat rolling on the carpet
dog walking with a woman
cat rolling on the floor
cat climbing onto the chair
cat rolling on the bed
man in black shorts standing
dog walking with a man
woman in green hat standing on the grass
baby crawling on the carpet
man standing on the left
baby rolling on the floor
man in white top standing next to the car
car flipping over the road
man in blue top climbing the rocks
man in red shirt standing in the middle
man in black shorts jumping into the sand pit
yellow car starts running
black dog walking with a woman in the room
red car flying over the road
white and blue racing car running in the front
racing car running in the far left
woman in black running on the track
man standing on the left
msn in blue hat and blue vest eating on the left
man in red top standing on the left
man in yellow top jumping up and down
dog walking with a man
bird walking on the sand
spotted cat walking in the wheel
woman in black dress walking with a dog
man in black pants walking in the back
dog running on the right
baby walking in the room
right basketball bouncing up and down
woman in pink top and black pants standing on the left
man in white top standing on the right
yellow racing car running in the front
dog eating raw meat
baby crawling on the floor
cat jumping up the wall
black dog rolling
dog rolling on the floor
woman running with a dog
big green ball bouncing up and down
man in blue shirt running on the third left trac
baby crawling on the carpet
black dog jumping over the obstacles
man in black top sitting beside the running track
small seagull walking on the right
man in black top standing on the right
man in black shorts crawling on the lawn
seagull flying in the sky
spotted cat climbing the stairs
dog crawling on the floor
white bird rolling on the floor
dog walking with a woman in black
baby rolling on the couch
man in black jacket walking with a dog
bird flying highest over the water
car rolling on the lawn
topless man crawling on the road
brown dog running with a white dog
man in black standing by the road next to a man in white pants
black cat running out of the room
man crawling in the front
brown dog jumping for food
black dog walking with a man
man in white top standing on the left next to a car
man in black eating burgers on the left
cat sitting on the chair
baby walking in front of a man
black car parking on the right
cat climbing the window
man with a purple backpack walking on the right
white and gray stuff on the bottom left 
baby in pink sitting on the grass
football running with a boy in the back
yellow bird climbing the cage on the right
bowling ball rolling on the track
baby in green climbing the stairs
man in white top and black pants rolling on the floor
dog walking with a man in the middle
baby walking towards a man
white and brown dog eating
woman in green vest walking with a dog
dog rolling in the mud
man in white top and black pants walking beside the running track
green ball rolling in the hand of the woman
white car parking in the back
dog eating ice cream
baby climbing the stairs
basketball flying into the basket
bird flying in the sky
football running in front of a man
baby walking in the room
man in orange vest standing behind the car
dog rolling in the snow
man in black top and white shorts standing on the far left
man eating
man in gray suits walking
man in yellow shirt running out of the track
black car flying over the lawn
woman in pink top and black shorts sitting on the left
black car flying over the mound
green car running on the road
man in blue standing on the rightmost
green car jumping up and down
black cat running on the treadmill
spotted cat jumping up and down
man in orange top standing next to the blue truck
black bird running on the grass
man in white top rolling on the trampoline
black and white bird pecking
boy throwing a yellow ball
gray parrot rolling on the bed
white cat eating corn
woman in black dress walking
woman sitting on the left
baby rolling on the carpet
baby climbing the chair
man in black bouncing two basketballs
cat standing on the right
man in yellow shirt running on the third track from the left
baby climbing the stone stairs
man in black standing beside the running track
baby climbing over the bed
cat jumping on the grass
man jumping into the sand pit
baby rolling on the bed
baby walking in the room
black dog crawling on the floor
woman sitting next to a cat
man talking on the right
woman eating on the left
man walking with a dog on the grass
dog jumping into the water
woman jumping on the running track
black cat climbing the wooden pillars
woman doing rope skipping on the right
woman in purple eating on the left
white dog rolling on the carpet
ball running with a boy in yellow on the right
boy in blue shirt passing a football
man in black shooting a basketball
man in green crouching on the far side of the road
black bird pecking the tree trunk
boy in white shirt and black shorts walking on the far right
man in green shirt running on the middle running track
white dog crawling on the floor
woman in white top and blue jeans standing on the left
man in gray shirt and black shorts standing next to the blue car
brown dog jumping around on the lawn
man with a black shoulder bag walking across the street
racing car running on outermost side of the road
woman in black shirt shooting a basketball
woman in white shirt sitting on the right
cat eating something
football running on the green field
man standing up in the middle
bird rolling on the carpet
man walking with a dog
man in black eating burgers
silver car parking behind a bulldozer
yellow ball bouncing up and down
girl standing on the right side of the volleyball net
cat rolling on the floor
black cat walking through the door
baby in white walking next to a woman
basketball flying into the basket
man running on the sidewalk
woman rolling on the grass
white dog running with a man
cat running in the field
man in red vest jumping into the sand pit
woman in green shirt walking with a black dog
baby climbing in the middle
man in white shirt and white hat standing in the middle
man in purple shirt and black shorts walking in the middle
man in yellow shirt running on the running track
dog walking on the orange ball
black dog running with a yellow dog
boy in blue top and red shorts passing footballs
boy in black shirt and red shorts walking on the right
man crawling on the left
blue and pink racing car running on the left
cat jumping on the right 
baby climbing onto the couch
black dog walking with a woman
man in pink top playing with a dog
cat running on the floor
truck flying across the road
cat eating watermelon on the floor
silver car parking on the right
bird standing on the left
parrot jumping
man walking with a dog on the lawn
red car rolling on the lawn
man with silver hair standing in the middle
woman standing in the far back
man in white top and black pants standing by the road 
boy in stripe shirt standing on the right
cat crawling on the grass
bird eating in the middle
car jumping up and down
silver car parking in the back
woman jumping over the bar
woman walking across the road
racing car in yellow running second
man in black shirt walking on the right
white cat rolling on the carpet
black bird walking on the road
man in black running on the left
man in pink shirt sitting on the left
blue car parking in the back
yellow dog rolling on the grass
baby climbing over the bed
blue bird eating in the middle
bird eating in the middle
dog jumping onto the fence
green bird rolling on the floor
man jumping up and down on the right
baby climbing the chair
basketball rolling into the box below the basket
woman climbing rocks in the middle
right man in black top standing next to the car 
girl with a red backpack walking on the mountain road
woman in red crawling with a baby
baby climbing over the fence
man in white jumping over the blue balls
parrot jumping on the bed
parrot rolling
yellow racing car running
woman in white vest and blue shorts running
second yellow duck walking next to the mama duck
car rolling on the road
cat running in the wheel
woman in black hat eating noodles
man climbing the rock
man in uniform walking on the right most
man in black shirts and white shorts running on left
dog crawling on the floor
baby in blue walking 
white car parking in the far back
cat jumping over the bar
man in green shirt running in front of a bus
pink ball on the top left
man walking with a woman on the beach
bird eating something
black dog crawling on the carpet
white racing car running on the left of the road
black dog eating
baby climbing over the fence
black cat walking on the grass
boy in gray shirt jumping on the blue ball
white dog crawling on the grass
man in black standing on left
white parrot rolling on the floor
man in black jacket walking with a black dog
cat jumping onto a roof
white ball bouncing up and down
man in black pants walking next to a white dog
big white bird walking in front
dog eating on the front right
car rolling over the road
dog jumping over the chair
yellow bird climbing onto the bed
baby in green walking on the right
white bird flying
second spotted cat from the right eating fishes
man running on the right most track
baby in striped shirt walking with a man
white dog eating bones
black cat walking next to a dog
basketball flying into the basket
man in black running on the left most track
baby in white hat sitting on the top right
woman sitting next to a girl on the left
cat jumping onto the aquarium
black dog walking on the front left
bird eating worm on the grass
front right bird flying in the sky
basketball flying into the basket
yellow cat rolling with a toy
bird walking in the back on the beach
cat running with a rabbit
black cat standing in the middle
football running on the green field
cat eating
man in black top standing on the left
racing car running on the road
car rolling over the ground
cat running in the wheel
dog eating watermelon
car jumping over the lawn
right most man in black top walking next to the car
boy standing on the grass next to a dog
man walking in the back
woman in white top walking next to a man
dog rolling on the floor
baby rolling on the floor
bird flying in the bottom
baby climbing stairs
woman in pink sitting on the floor
bird running to the toy ball
man in blue shirt standing in the middle
baby walking to the toy ball
basketball flying in the sky
boy in blue shirt standing in the back next to a football
black bird walking on the floor
man in blue top and black pants standing by the road
man in yellow shirt and blue shorts running on the right
white dog walking on the grass
woman in red dress walking on the left
cat walking in the room
dog eating on the carpet
basketball flying into the basket
black dog crawling on the floor
woman standing next to a white dog
man in white shirt sitting next to a table
bird jumping in the cage
man standing next to a green car
man in white top sitting on bottom left
woman standing on the right
baby crawling to the toy
baby in green shirt crawling on the floor
cat jumping to the wall
bird rolling 
man in light blue sitting in the back
baby in pink crawling
bird standing on the left
car parking in the far back
cat jumping up and down
man in uniform walking at last in the second row from left
bird rolling with a toy ball
racing car running on the road
man in black rolling to the other man
gray and white cat walking in the wheel
right most boy jumping up and down
man climbing rocks
man on the left throwing a ball
blue racing car running third
red car rolling over the road
bird jumping on the tree
white cat jumping up the door
woman in blue shirt sitting on the floor
player in red shirt throwing a ball
car jumping up and down
man in black jacket standing on the right
man in green shirt running on left
man in red top and black shorts walking in the back
baby walking to a woman
man rolling on the grass
man in white shirt and black shorts running
baby crawling through the tube
man in black suits walking
bowling ball rolling on the track
car rolling on the lawn
bird flying above the man in yellow shirt
man in white top and black pants standing on the running track
dog eating watermelon in the middle
mama duck walking in the middle
bird jumping onto the human hand
woman walking on the right
man in red shirt standing on the bottom
man in black shooting basketball
third car parking from the left
white dog walking with a woman
man in gray shirt and black pants standing next to the car
man shooting a basketball
baby crawling through the tube
cat rolling on the carpet
bird flying over the water
player in blue shirt running to the basket
white dog walking with a man
left basketball bouncing up and down
man sitting on right
parrot rolling
purple racing car running on the road
baby crawling on the floor
cat eating on the carpet
dog walking to the gray ball
man in red jacket and white pants standing on the left
baby walking in the room
cat walking with a dog
man shooting basketball
black and white cat walking around
brown dog walking away from the ball
dog rolling on the grass
black cat running with a dog
dog rolling on the ground
boy in blue shirt passing football in the far back
black car parking in the back
red ball jumping with a girl in white
cat walking
yellow racing car running
woman in red shirt running with a dog
brown dog jumping into the water
dog walking with a man on the left
cat eating 
dog jumping out
racing car running on the road
parrot jumping to a pink toy
duck walking on the road
small black dog walking with the big dog
yellow ball flying to the ground
woman in red top walking
man tumbling on the left
cat running in the snow
man in black top throwing a bowling ball
left most bird eating
duck jumping to the ground
man crawling on the green floor
silver car parking on the far back
green car jumping up and down
black dog rolling on the floor
cat walking on the treadmill
yellow dog rolling on the grass
cat eating raw meat
man in black shirt and red pants walking
man walking in the back
man playing with a dog on the grass
big ball sitting on the grass
white ball on the bottom right
basketball flying into the basket
second man from left sitting on the grass
cat walking in the corridor
car rolling over the road
man playing frisbee with a dog
dog jumping over the hurdle
dog crawling on the floor
man running on the track
woman somersaulting
dog eating on the top left corner
man in black top and blue jeans standing on the left
cat running on the lawn and climbing up the stairs
white and black cat running in the back
boy in green shirt running in the back
blue ball bouncing up and down
man crawling in the middle
dog walking
green parrot climbing the rope
cat sitting behind the man
small duck walking with mama duck
metal ball bouncing up and down
man in black standing on left
baby crawling on the floor
parrot jumping on the bed
boy kicking a orange ball
girl bouncing the white ball
man walking through the cage
basketball bouncing up and down
man in red top jumping on the trampoline
dog rolling on the carpet
cat running to the wool ball
dog eating watermelon
parrot climbing down the cage
baby walking to the flowers
baby crawling on the floor
woman standing on the left
man crawling on the floor
man throwing a bowling ball
bird eating on the grass
first brown duck waking across the street
man in uniform walking on the bottom left
man in a hat walking with a woman
duck walking on left
man in blue running on the track
man walking behind the baby
topless man walking on the left
right most bird flying above the water
white bird flying to a man
basketball flying to the man
pink ball rolling next to a horse
baby rolling
woman jumping on the trampoline
man in hoodie taking photos
dog running in the wheel
man in yellow shirt standing
woman walking with dogs on the left
woman playing with dogs
car flying over the ground
woman walking in the middle
dog standing next to a black cat
man in red top walking on the right
man in black jacket walking on the road
black cat walking on the bottom
cat jumping up and down
man crawling on the grass
baby walking to the woman
black dog eating on the top right
green parrot jumping on the table
bottom left dog eating
parrot jumping to a toy
woman in yellow feeding the dog
bird walking on the grass
car rolling over the lawn
white and red racing car running on the road
man in white shirt walking on the sidewalk
man crawling on the floor
football jumping to the ground
parrot walking on the floor
man in white shirt eating noodles on the left
man in blue shirt passing a basketball on right
man in white shirt playing with a baby in yellow
left most dog sitting on a chair
man standing next to a dog
brown dog crawling on the grass
bird jumping up and own with a woman
baby rolling on the bed
parrot rolling 
car flying over the sand dune
silver car parking on the top right
man with long hair eating
brown cat jumping on the roof terrace
parrot rolling
bird flying in the sky
man in black bouncing a basketball
baby rolling on the bed
blue car rolling over the lawn
woman rolling
black dog running on the lawn 
white car parking on the right
baby crawling
green car parking on the left
white dog running with a woman
cat running in the wheel
bird flying over the water
dog running on the left
man throwing a bowling ball
dog walking with a baby
cat rolling on the ground
man in green shirt and with a backpack walking beside the running track
man in white top standing next a girl in purple
man playing with a cat
man in green jacket standing by the road
woman climbing rocks
man in black rolling on the mat
right bird flying in the sky
car flipping on the road
woman climbing on left
black and white bird walking
black dog running in the wheel
baby climbing out of the bed
woman in red and green dress walking with an umbrella
boy in green vest passing football
man rolling on the mat
baby rolling on the bed
man throwing a yellow ball
man in white vest and blue jeans standing on the top right
man in blue shirt dribbling a basketball from bottom right to bottom left
cat laying down on the floor
baby climbing stairs
man in gray shirt standing in the bottom left corner
cat running in the room
woman in pink and yellow top standing on the bottom left
man running on the running track
brown dog eating
boy in the front left passing football
man in blue running
black and white cat running in the grass
black dog running with a toy car
basketball in the net on the bottom right
man in white shirt running on the track
cat climbing onto the chair
car jumping up and down
boy in purple shirt dribbling a basketball 
truck jumping
silver car parking on the left
parrot rolling
black cat rolling on the floor
gray ball on the right
yellow racing car running on the road
player in blue shirt passing a basketball on left
gray bird eating
ball flying into the sky
first red car racing on the road
man standing under the basket
parrot rolling on the carpet
baby boy climbing over the bed
white dog eating on the right
blue car jumping up and down
yellow dog jumping up and down on left
man crawling on the floor
man in blue shirt climbing on left
basketball bouncing up and down
car jumping across the road
man in black crawling in the back
man dribbling a basketball
white bird walking on the beach in the middle
red car jumping up and down
black cat rolling on the floor
man rolling in the front left
ball flying into the sky
blue car jumping up and down
man in yellow shirt standing on a small car
white and blue racing car running on the road
second man in blue from left sitting beside the running track
woman in red top walking with a dog
black dog walking with a woman on the right
black car parking in the back
girl in purple top and black pants walking with another girl
baby climbing over the bed
black ball in the back
black dog walking with a woman
bird flying above the water
man bouncing two basketballs
parrot rolling on the floor
girl sitting on the floor next to a cat
man in blue shirt walking in front of the racing car
man with a black umbrella walking on the right
car running on the road
bird climbing the shutters on right 
boy eating pizza on left
bird flying
man in black shirt walking behind the green car
man in yellow running
woman in black dress sitting in the front left
man in black catching a basketball
blue bird flying above the lawn
man in black standing in the back
man in red top walking with a dog
black bird jumping in the bush
white ball rolling on a billiard table
bird walking in the dry grass
woman in red top standing behind the left red pillar
woman walking with two dogs
black dog jumping on the grass
white ball bouncing up and down
bowling ball rolling on the track
white dog walking on left
girl in a dress walking in the middle
dog crawling on the floor
bird walking
black dog running in the snow
man climbing on the right
red car rolling over on the road
spotted cat walking on the car
parrot climbing along the rope
first man in blue top from left sitting on the running track
woman standing next to the dogs
brown dog crawling on the floor
bird climbing tree 
gray bird climbing the ladder
dog rolling on the floor
baby walking on the floor
cat climbing the tree
man in uniform jumping in the center back
man in jeans standing on the left
baby in yellow top climbing the stairs
baby climbing over the fence
pink bird rolling on the floor
brown dog running across the road
blue bird walking
man crawling in the center
man in red top crawling
man in blue shirt climbing rocks
yellow ball rolling on the floor
topless man running on the blue track
man in black shirt walking with a dog
brown dog walking on the lawn
black cat laying down on the floor
man standing
blue and gray bird standing on the bar
black dog running in the grass
man in white top standing on the right
man in black crouching beside the road
black cat walking next to a dog
man in gray shirt eating
dog eating
bowling ball rolling on the track
gray dog walking on the left
gray car parking in the back
man standing on the left
car rolling down the hill
basketball flying into the basket
woman waving the flags in the front right
little duck walking next to the mama duck
red racing car running first
bird rolling 
black and white cat climbing
toy ball on the bottom right
white dog eating raw meat
baby rolling on the green blanket
bird rolling on the ground
boy in yellow top and green pants bouncing a yellow ball in the front
cat eating on the chair
man in red top bouncing a ball
man in red shirt and white pants walking on the track
man in black shirt eating
white car parking on the top right
woman in white top and black shorts walking on the running track
man in blue top walking in the back
man in yellow vest walking on the left
man in white shirt passing football
blue racing car running in the back
white car in the garage
cat climbing the wall
basketball flying into the basket
dog running in the snow
bird flying above the water
man playing with a bird
bird flying in the sky
cat rolling on the carpet
woman in silver jacket walking
bird walking on the bottom
man in blue top walking on the bottom left
man in blue playing basketball
man in a white hat standing by the road
car rolling over on the road
dog running on the road
girl in school uniform standing on right
bird jumping in the cage
basketball flying into the basket
man in blue top standing on the left
pigeon walking in the snow
black cat climbing the ladder
man rolling on the grass
black dog running in the snow
bird flying above the water
dog crawling on the lawn
man in white standing on the left
man standing on the ladder 
basketball flying into the basket
red car rolling on the ground
black cat climbing the wall
blue bird climbing  
green truck parking next to a red car
football rolling in the back
woman in black jumping up and down
player in black shirt shooting a basketball on the right
white dog walking with a woman
cat walking on the bottom right
black dog laying down on the top left
White parrot is walking inside the cage
Black cat is jumping in the room
Guy in yellow shirt running in the middle of the field
Big guy is eating a tacos
Dog is lying near the white wall
Guy in black shorts is jumping on the stairs
Brown dog is walking on a leash in a park
White kitten is rolling on the floor
Sparrow is walking on the brown grass
Man is jumping over hurdles
Black cat is rolling on the floor
Green parrot is rolling on the floor
Man in gray hoodie standing on the beach
Man is throwing a bowling ball
Orange ball is jumping on the floor
White cat is walking a pathway
Man in blue shorts is rolling on the beach
Brown dog is walking across the reiver
Woman in white-black striped blouse is sitting on the blue floor
Baby is climbing over of wooden fence on the bed
Guy is rolling down from grass hill
White seagull is flying in the city
Rally car is jumping into the water
Guy is eating a burger near computer display
Guy is rolling down from grass hill
Man is eating a big burger
Black raven standing on the ground
Green parrot is faking to be a dead on the table
Ball is held in the hands of guy with number 20
Sparrow is eating a worm from the ground
Bowling ball is running towards ninepins
Guy in the black shirt is standing behind other players
Parrot is playing with the ball
Guy is dribbling a ball around orange cones
baby duck is walking behind the mother duck on the beach
Guy in black jacket walking on the pit lane
baby girl is walking on the wooden parquet
White fuzzy dog is eating pet food
Gray car is running on the right
baby in pink dress is lying on the bed
Ball is flying into the basket
man in sports suit is rolling on the grass
Cat is climbing a ladder
Orange cat is jumping to the balcon
Small dog is lying inside the cage
Little puppy is eating a pet food
Blue bird is faking to be dead
baby in gray costume is walking towards a fence
Guy in the middle is eating hotdogs
Two guys is holding a height measurer
Brown dog is eating on the white floor
Guy is jumping a rope
Fat cat is playing with the ball
White kitten is climbing down a pillar
Guy in blue shirt on the right is bouldering
Cat is slowly flying in the air
Black cat is sitting on the red cover
White dog is running towards the camera
Fuzzy dog eating from the bowl
Woodpecker is pecking above the snow
Bird is flying in the sky
Cat is catching a ribbon
Dark blue car standing on the crossroad
Parrot is lying on the floor
White ball is lying on the field
Green parrot is climbing a rope
White-black dog is walking near the grass
Guy in the black sports suit is running on the track
Soldier is crawling below barbed wires
Guy in kimono standing on the left
Guy is climbing a gray wall
Toy dog is lying on the floor
Brown dog is eating on the right bottom corner
Baby in pink is walking towards a man
Bowling ball is running towards ninepins
Gray dog on the right is eating from common bowl
Dog is running down the stairs
Cat rolling on the floor
Man is red shirt standing on the small platform
baby is lying on the cover
Girl sitting on the right
man walking on the streets with the dog
Black cat is chasing a laser mark
white-brown dog is walking in the group of other dogs
baby in yellow costume lying on the green floor
Bird is falling down inside the terrarium
half-naked man is standing 
Black dog is catching a ball
Woman is standing on the right
Boy is playing near the goal 
Orange cat is climbing a ladder
Car is rolling on the road during night
Man in the blue shirt standing in the back
Kitten is pulling a toy 
Black bird flying on the beach
Car is riding on the racing track
Yellow small ball is lying on the floor
Bird is quickly jumping
large car is jumping on the sand
baby on the right is climbing the stairs
Woman is throwing discs to the dog
Cat is walking on the beach
Woman is climbing a big tyre
Black cat is sitting under the chair
Black small dog is running from another dog
Woman in pink is feeding another woman
Man in black shirt is sitting on the knees
Pigeon is eating grains
Dog is rolling on the floor
Man in red shorts is running on the track
baby is climbing the stairs
Man is commanding the cat
Man is crawling outside
Man in white shirt is shooting a ball to the basket
Parrot is rolling on the table
Dog is jumping over the fence
White dog is jumping into the water
Man in white track suit is running 
Tiger cat is jumping in the corridor
Fat cat is rolling on the floor
Person standing on the grass
man in red jacket is walking on the right
Black ball is jumping on the road
cat is chasing a tape
baby in yellow climbing black stairs
Woman is running towards the camera
man in black suit is walking with the dog
baby girl is climbing a stairs
Woman in red is going on the right
White bird is walking on the beach
Man is standing on the right
man in blue shirt is playing football in front of the camera
Police car is jumping on the road
half-naked guy is running from left to right
Dog is crawling in the living room
Dog is catching discs
Black cat is jumping over steel fence
cat is eating from the white plate
baby boy is walking towards camera
man is running on the track
Red car is driving towards the camera
Duck is crossing the road
baby in pink is climbing the iron fence
Brown dog is running on the snow
Two guys standing in the back near the wagon
Guy on the right in gray hoodie is eating fries
Huge air ball is falling down the hill
Woman in the blue shirt is standing on the track
Man in orange helmet is climbing a rock
Woman is running with white poodle
baby duck is following the mother duck
Man is crawling on the floor
Dog is crawling on the floor
Parrot is climbing a cage
Man standing on the right
Man in black glasses standing on the right
Woman is lying on the red air ball
Car is rolling on the grass
Man in yellow shirt and black shorts is running during competition
Woman in white shirt is walking with the dog
Woman is climbing a vertical rock
Person is flying from the car during crash
Tiger cat is fighting with another cat
man is walking with the dog
Cat is lying on the treadmill
Gray dog is walking with the woman in the park
Boy in blue shirt is dribbling a ball
Man is hiking in the forest
Brown dog is lying on the floor
Man in hoodie is standing on the ground
Green parrot is walking on the carpet
Gray dog is running towards the tree
Man walking on the street
Woman in violet is running on the rigth
White fluffy cat is walking on the treadmill
White in white tracksuit is running during competition
woman is sting on the knees
Cat on the left is eating from the bowl
Man in black tracksuit is running on the left
cat is walking in the room in the front of camera
Small yellow ball is rolling on yellow floor
Gray dog is chasing a black cat
man in green shirt is walking on the street
cat is eating a burger
orange cat is walking on the treadmill
Kitten is walking towards the camera
Yellow parrot is lying on the bed
bay is lying on the cover
Bird is pecking a small stone
Yellow bird is standing on the grass
Man is jumping a triple jump
Cat is rolling on the cover
Monster car is rolling in the air
Little bird is eating from injector
Man in funny costume is running on the road
Parrot is jumping from the table
man in red is running on the left
Guy is sitting on the left
parrot is faking to be dead on the floor
Violet car is jumping over other cars
Gray car is jumping
White dog is rolling on the ground
Man in yellow shirt is running in competition
Gray dog is walking on the left
Man is walking along the podium
man is holding a baby
Girl in pink shirt is running on the beach
Man in yellow shirt is climbing a wall
Blue car is jumping on the road
Woman in pink is standing near the slide
Orange cat is walking on the parquet
baby is lying on the green cover
Gray is running on the treadmill
Guy is eating a burger
Large fuzzy dog is running during dog show
baby is climbing a chair
Dog is biting a ball
Woman is supporting a baby
Ball is crossing around buckets
Kitten is climbing pants
Man in yellow track on the right is running on the athletic track
Black cat is lying on the ground
man is playing bowling
Woman in black is running with white fluffy dog
Green ball is lying on the carpet
Woman in black jacket is sitting on the chair
Man in black hoodie is jumping in the gym
Person is walking with the dog
Black-white dog is eating from the plate
bay is lying in the bed
Gray cat is running towards a toy
Man is sitting on the knees
Man in white shirt is standing in the back
Boy in black shirt and red shorts is standing on the right
Racing car is stopping
ball is flying to the basket
White dotted dog is running towards a woman
Person sitting on the chair near the track
Woman in black top is sitting on the floor
Man in white is running in inner part of the circle
Guy is eating a pizza
Blue car standing on the grass
Girl in green shirt is chasing a girl with the ball
Man is dribbling two balls
Man is sitting on the stairs
Man in white shirt is jumping into the sand
Car is jumping other cars
Cat is falling from a treadmill
baby boy is climbing a chair
Person is playing a bowling
Soldier is crawling in the right bottom corner
man in all black is standing lonely in the turn
Ball is falling down
Woman is standing on the left
Ball is rolling on the grass
Man is jumping in the gym
man is crawling on soft cover
baby is looking to the camera
man standing on the pier
Pigeon on the right is eating from the ground
Bird is pecking a tree
Fat cat is lying on the table
man in cap is standing on the right side of the car
Black dog is walking on a leash in the park
Brown dog is running towards a camera
Man with pink backpack is walking outside
White dog is standing on the wooden floor
White van is standing on the grass
Dog is climbing a tree
Ball is flying to the basket
baby is crawling on the floor
ball is falling down from the hill
Ball is dribbled by woman coach
Black bird is pecking a ground
Gray fluffy cat is eating a pet food
Man is rolling down from the grass hill
baby is crawling with dog
baby is lying on the bed
Dog is running out from the bird
Green parrot is jumping on the table
Guy in white shirt is standing in the left corner
Car is rolling several times
fat cat is rolling in the chair
Man is running on the athletic track
Man is crawling on the floor
Girl on the left is sitting on the floor
Woman is standing on the left
Cat is walking on the snow
Woman is walking with two dogs
Orange car is chasing two cars ahead
White dog on the left is eating from the plate
White ping pong ball is lying in the box
gray car is standing on the right
Man is playing a bowling
Bird is standing on the right
person is playing with the cat
Woman in pink shirt is running
Black dog is running on the beach
Man in red shirt is running during a competition
Dog is eating a pet food
Yellow car is missing turn
Red car is flying over sand
Man is throwing a ball into the basket
Blue car is dancing on the road
Ball is dribbled by a man
Woman in blue shirt is walking on the street
man in black on the grass
Man in green pants is standing near the fence
man in white shirt is sitting on the chair near a sand
Woman in pink top is exercising in the gym
Cat is running in the spinning wheel
Bird is attacking a dog
car is dancing in the middle
naked man is crawling in the sand
Little dog is crawling on the floor
guy is shooting a ball on the basketball court
Red-black car is turning a cornenr
cat is walking near the cabinet
boy in green shirt is playing football
car is jumping from the springboard
girl in blue shirt is playing near the yellow line
Woman is running during olympic games
Woman in white coat is walking along the podium
man is playing with the cat
car is rolling on the grasss
man is eating a burger
dog is running on the road
boy with number 5 standing at the bottom
man in the white shirt is standing on the left
guy is jumping a rope
black poodle is standing near woman
woman is walking with the dog during night
cat is rolling on the floor
man in black sports suit is passing a ball
woman in pink shirt walking with dog
white dog on the right is walking in large group of dogs
raven is eating seeds
baby is crawling toward an adult
dog is walking along the beach
woman is standing behind the baby
woman is throwing the ball
person walking with the dog
man in dark blue suit is running in competition
baby standing in the middle of the rooom
dog is eating from the bowl
man in blue tracksuit is running during competition
black dog is running in the corridor
bird is attacking a dog
parrot is jumping on couch back
dog is eating a bone
man walking along the track
Parrot is climbing a rope
baby in blue shirt standing near the bed
man is throwing discs to the dog
dog crawling on the ground
white dog is walking along the road
white fuzzy dog is running in the corridor
baby is crying in the bed
bird is lying on the floor
two guys in the color shirts standing near the car
cat is chasing a stick
baby is playing with the dog
dog is walking around red cones
man in black shirt is sitting in the middle
fat white cat is rolling on the floor
dog sitting on the couch
large brown dog is walking in the group of the dogs on the right\
brown dog sitting near red field
cat is rolling on the floor
cat is sitting on top of the cupboard
man with black belt crawling in the middle
dog is jumping a rope
cat is rolling on the floor
Woman in white blouse walking to the left
cat is catching laser mark
man in green shirt is walking on the left
guy standing on the platform
gray car standing in the back
parrot is lying in the cage
gray fuzzy dog is runnning
green car is flying backwards
boy in orange shirt on the right is playing football
man is walking with dog
bird is climbing a rope
man in black sweater is walking on the left
man in blue tracksuit is running in the middle
white fuzzy dog is rolling on the road
woman in yellow shirt is running with the dog
yellow car leading the race
boy in white sitting on the floor
person is feeding a dog
woman in black standing in the corner of the court
half-naked man climbing a rock
man in black suit standing on the left
man is dribbling a ball
orange cat is walking towards the camera
man in white shirt and black pants walking the street
white dog is running on a leash
baby is lying on red floor
bird is walking around yellow pillars
tiger cat is eating watermelon
man in black running on the track
naked baby waling in the room
bird flying above the sea
orange is jumping on the carpet
woman in blue dress is walking right
man in yellow shorts standing near the net
baby is rolling in the bed
blue truck standing on the right
guy n black clothes sitting on the grass
car on the left standing on top of the hill 
man in white shirt standing on the grass
man in red shirt running to the right
white-black car is following pair of cars
black cat is fighting with the dog
bird is flying in the sky
bird is getting off from the roof top
blue car is jumping in the middle
white air ball is jumping
guy in black standing on the right
red black is riding on the left
Guy in black shirt and light blue jeans standing near the car
guy in red shirt standing near the track
brown dog standing in the back
person is throwing a bowling ball
man in white shirt climbing a vertical rock
soldier in the left is crawling
man standing between two cars
brownish cat is jumping for the toy
girl in pink dotted derss is standing near the wall
man is crawling in the medical room
woman is eating two chicken legs
man in blue shirt is running on the track
man on the right standing near the car
woman is crawling on the field
parrot is carrying something
woman is sitting on the red couch
monster car is jumping in the right bottom corner
white cat is eating a fish
white dog is eating a meat from the bowl
kitten is climbing a tree
fluffy cat walking with the dog
man in black suit standing on the right
stork is standing in the long grass
woman in blue shirt is eating an icecream
cat is rolling on the white cover
man in white shirt standing in the front of the camera
parrot is holding the rood of the cage
rally is riding on the snow road
brown puppy is sitting on the right
man in black sitting on the right
woman in green dress is walking on the street
red car is riding in the front of the camera
mother duck is leading group of baby ducks
man is throwing ball to the basket
cat is rolling on the parking 
bird wavy bird is climbing a cage
cat is sitting under the wheel
gray car is turning a corner
black ball is going to the hole
dog is catching plates
blue pick up truck is standing in the back
man on the left is eating noodles
white is rolling on the carpet
green parrot is siting on swing
bird is rolling on blue table
man is playing basketball
cat is rolling on the paved road
soldier is standing on the ground
white dog is running with woman in blue dress
cat is jumping into the box
blue parrot is climbing a wall
man in black on the left corner filming a car
yellow racing car is riding on the right
cat is eating some food
boy in blue shirt is chasing a ball
woman is standing near the dog
bowling ball is rolling towards ninepins
cat is climbing the ladder
guy is holding a rope at the bottom of hte hill
person is holding a parrot
woman is walking on treadmill
car is rolling several times on the ground
man is jumping over a bucket
man in black suit walking in the right bottom corner
black cat is jumping inside the room
bird is lying on the cover
man in red shirt standing near the fence
baby is climbing over wall of the bed
person in gray suit is running with the dog
man in blue tracksuit running during competitionn
fat cat rolling on the floor
man in red shirt is walking towards a car
brown dog is eating from the bowl
ball is flying to the net
bird is sitting under the bush
white cat is walking on the road
brown dog is jumping on the grass
man in black is rolling on the stairs
person is standing near a stove
dog is chasing a violet ball
dog is jumping over hurdle
heron is standing in the water
man in black bell crawling on the left
girl in blue shirt playing football
man in black shirt is playing with the cat
half-naked guy is climbing a rock
woman in red shirt is waiting for a change
black cat is walking on the change
white dog is standing on carpet corner
green parrot is climbing a rope
white cat is jumping down on the floor
brown cat is sitting on the floor
ball is passed to the guy
gray car is standing on the basketball court
black cat is jumping from the roof to the tree
cat is lying on the pink cover
man is sitting on the chair near the sand
man in blue shirt standing on the road
bird is walking on the grass
blue car is flying in the sky
man in blue shirt running last in the run
cat is running in the spinning wheel
cat is climbing a ladder
light brown cat is fighting with another cat
white fluffy dog is walking on the left
black dog is walking in large pavilion
baby is crawling on the floor
cat is eating a watermelon
baby is rolling on the road
girl in blue shirt is walking near theatre
white cat on the left is eating pet food
man in blue shirt is standing on the left
white seagull is walking on the beach
baby is walking towards a girl
man in black is standing in the back
child is walking towards man
Ball is flying to the basket
dog is pushing a ball in front of its head
baby is climbing over the wooden fence
man is jacket is walking along the podium
white car is turning a corner
ball is rolling on the grass
baby is lying on the cover
parrot is sitting on hands
brown dog is eating from the bowl
man in black suit and red tie is walking in front of the camera
green soft ball is lying on the table
black dog is rolling on the grass
blue balls is lying near the wall
girl in green shirt is rolling on the ground
white fuzzy dog is walking on the street
dog is rolling in the dirt
gray bowling ball is staying in the top right corner
big black car is falling down the hill
blue bird is sitting on the ground
man in black shirt is standing on the right
wavy parrot is climbing a rope
black dog is eating a meat
man in white shirt standing near blue track
man is standing on the carpet
baby crawling on green floor
man is carrying a flag
white car standing in the right corner
violet car is dancing in the middle
white dog is running out of camera
bird on the left is climbing jalousie
black big is walking on the right side from person
man in white shirt sitting in the back
person in red sitting on the floor
parrot is lying on the table
blue car is rolling on the road
man is eating from carton box
bird is sitting on the left
man is dribbling a ball
mother duck is crossing the street
white bird is flying in the sky
white bird on the right is flying in the sky
yellow bird is eating in the cage
white cat is eating a corn
man in blue shirt standing on the rock
bird lying on the ground
baby climbing couch
man in black shirt walking towards the camera
orange cat is eating a pet food
baby is lying on the cover
man is running with the ball
man is throwing a bowling ball
man in blue is walking on the left
bird is eating grains
boy in orange shirt is playing football in the back
woman is walking with the dog
dog is walking inside the room
man standing behind the car
baby on the right is crawling
boy in black tracksuit is running
man in all red is running during competition
white bird is flying in the sky
cat is running along a fence
man is lying on the floor
woman is spinning a rope
ball is flying over the filed
baby crawling on the floor
blue car is turning a corner
red ball is lying on the right
man is sitting on he knees in the middle of the room
black dog on the right is walking on the street
man is crawling in front of the mirror
soldier is crawling in the grass
man in blue standing in the middle
dog is eating from hand
boy is climbing to the second floor
ball is bouncing in the room
white dog is spinning something
black car is jumping on the road
cr is riding on the left
Man in red shorts jumping
ball is held by a dog
gray cat is eating fish bones
hand is showing a parrot to roll
man in white cap standing near the track
sparrow sitting in the grass
parrot jumping with a spunge
man in white shirt sitting on his knees
woman in black sport suit standing near the wall
woman in blue jacket jumping in the room
green ball is running on the bowling pathway
car with yellow stripes jumping in the middle
huge blue ball is jumping 
woman in gray dress approaching the camera
dog is rolling on the ground
woman in pink standing on the left
soldier on the left is crawling under barbed wires
white dog is running in front of the camera
man is throwing a ball to dog inside the house
huge dummy sin red jacket standing on the platform 
man standing near the fridge
black dog is running in the grass
man in greenish tracksuit running on the middle track
man in white shirt standing on the side of the car
orange car is overtaking two other cars
pink ball is rolling on the floor
red bird is sitting on the roof
white-black is walking on the beach
white dog is crazily running around people
guy in white shirt standing in the forrest
white cat is eating from carton box
sparrow is sitting in the grass
guy in white shirt standing on the right
orange cat on the right is eating a pet food
dog is jumping in to the water
bird is walking on the ground
man is crawling in the gym
siamese cat is rolling outside
man in white shirt standing behind green box
woman walking with the dog
